0	(24&lt ;/D&gt; reported; unaudited financial results for its fourth quarter)	24&lt ;/D&gt	reported	unaudited financial results for its fourth quarter	24&lt ;/D&gt ; /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Broadcom Corporation today reported unaudited financial results for its fourth quarter and year ended December 31 , 2007 .
1	(year; ended; December 31 , 2007)	year	ended	December 31 , 2007	24&lt ;/D&gt ; /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Broadcom Corporation today reported unaudited financial results for its fourth quarter and year ended December 31 , 2007 .
0	(24&lt :/D&gt; reported; unaudited financial results for its fourth quarter)	24&lt :/D&gt	reported	unaudited financial results for its fourth quarter	24&lt ;/D&gt ; /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Broadcom Corporation today reported unaudited financial results for its fourth quarter and year ended December 31 , 2007 .
0	(24&lt :/D&gt; reported unaudited financial results for its fourth quarter; today)	24&lt :/D&gt	reported unaudited financial results for its fourth quarter	today	24&lt ;/D&gt ; /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Broadcom Corporation today reported unaudited financial results for its fourth quarter and year ended December 31 , 2007 .
1	(agoLOS ANGELES - Sean Young; has entered rehabilitation for alcohol abuse; following a weekend outburst)	agoLOS ANGELES - Sean Young	has entered rehabilitation for alcohol abuse	following a weekend outburst	7 minutes agoLOS ANGELES - Sean Young has entered rehabilitation for alcohol abuse following a weekend outburst in which she was heckling from the audience at the .
0	(a weekend outburst; was heckling from the audience; at the)	a weekend outburst	was heckling from the audience	at the	7 minutes agoLOS ANGELES - Sean Young has entered rehabilitation for alcohol abuse following a weekend outburst in which she was heckling from the audience at the .
1	(agoLOS ANGELES - Sean Young; has entered; rehabilitation for alcohol abuse)	agoLOS ANGELES - Sean Young	has entered	rehabilitation for alcohol abuse	7 minutes agoLOS ANGELES - Sean Young has entered rehabilitation for alcohol abuse following a weekend outburst in which she was heckling from the audience at the .
0	(a weekend outburst; was heckling; from the audience)	a weekend outburst	was heckling	from the audience	7 minutes agoLOS ANGELES - Sean Young has entered rehabilitation for alcohol abuse following a weekend outburst in which she was heckling from the audience at the .
1	(the parties here by; submit; to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts in relation to any dispute)	the parties here by	submit	to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts in relation to any dispute	7These Terms and Conditions and any relevant Order are governed by English law and the parties here by submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts in relation to any dispute arising out of them .
0	(any dispute; arising; out of them)	any dispute	arising	out of them	7These Terms and Conditions and any relevant Order are governed by English law and the parties here by submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts in relation to any dispute arising out of them .
1	(7These Terms and Conditions and any relevant Order; are governed; by English law and the parties here by submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts in relation to any dispute)	7These Terms and Conditions and any relevant Order	are governed	by English law and the parties here by submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts in relation to any dispute	7These Terms and Conditions and any relevant Order are governed by English law and the parties here by submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts in relation to any dispute arising out of them .
1	(A memorial service; will be at 2 pm; Tuesday)	A memorial service	will be at 2 pm	Tuesday	A memorial service will be at 2 pm Tuesday at Evergreen Funeral Home Chapel of Peace , 1830 E. Fountain Blvd .
1	(A memorial service; will be at 2 pm; at Evergreen Funeral Home Chapel of Peace)	A memorial service	will be at 2 pm	at Evergreen Funeral Home Chapel of Peace	A memorial service will be at 2 pm Tuesday at Evergreen Funeral Home Chapel of Peace , 1830 E. Fountain Blvd .
1	(A memorial service; will be; at 2 pm)	A memorial service	will be	at 2 pm	A memorial service will be at 2 pm Tuesday at Evergreen Funeral Home Chapel of Peace , 1830 E. Fountain Blvd .
1	(A source familiar with the negotiations; told; the Baltimore Sun)	A source familiar with the negotiations	told	the Baltimore Sun	A source familiar with the negotiations told the Baltimore Sun a potential deal is being held up on the Orioles ' end and unspecified complex issues still need to be resolved for the trade to go through .
1	(A source familiar with the negotiations; told the Baltimore Sun; a potential deal is being held up on the Orioles ' end and unspecified complex issues still need to be resolved for the trade)	A source familiar with the negotiations	told the Baltimore Sun	a potential deal is being held up on the Orioles ' end and unspecified complex issues still need to be resolved for the trade	A source familiar with the negotiations told the Baltimore Sun a potential deal is being held up on the Orioles ' end and unspecified complex issues still need to be resolved for the trade to go through .
1	(a potential deal; is being held up; on the Orioles ' end and unspecified complex issues)	a potential deal	is being held up	on the Orioles ' end and unspecified complex issues	A source familiar with the negotiations told the Baltimore Sun a potential deal is being held up on the Orioles ' end and unspecified complex issues still need to be resolved for the trade to go through .
1	(Tracey Bateman; is; the award-winning author of more than twenty-five books , including Defiant Heart , the First in the Westeard Hearts series)	Tracey Bateman	is	the award-winning author of more than twenty-five books , including Defiant Heart , the First in the Westeard Hearts series	ABOUT THE AUTHOR : Tracey Bateman is the award-winning author of more than twenty-five books , including Defiant Heart , the First in the Westeard Hearts series .
0	(award; winning; author of more than twenty-five books , including Defiant Heart , the First in the Westeard Hearts series)	award	winning	author of more than twenty-five books , including Defiant Heart , the First in the Westeard Hearts series	ABOUT THE AUTHOR : Tracey Bateman is the award-winning author of more than twenty-five books , including Defiant Heart , the First in the Westeard Hearts series .
1	(Tracey Bateman; is the award-winning author of; more than twenty-five books)	Tracey Bateman	is the award-winning author of	more than twenty-five books	ABOUT THE AUTHOR : Tracey Bateman is the award-winning author of more than twenty-five books , including Defiant Heart , the First in the Westeard Hearts series .
1	(Alfred Nobel; invented; dynamite)	Alfred Nobel	invented	dynamite	Alfred Nobel invented dynamite and established the Nobel Prizes , which are given out annually on December 10 in the Konserthuset .
1	(Alfred Nobel; established; the Nobel Prizes)	Alfred Nobel	established	the Nobel Prizes	Alfred Nobel invented dynamite and established the Nobel Prizes , which are given out annually on December 10 in the Konserthuset .
1	(the Nobel Prizes; are given out; annually)	the Nobel Prizes	are given out	annually	Alfred Nobel invented dynamite and established the Nobel Prizes , which are given out annually on December 10 in the Konserthuset .
1	(the Nobel Prizes; are given out; on December 10)	the Nobel Prizes	are given out	on December 10	Alfred Nobel invented dynamite and established the Nobel Prizes , which are given out annually on December 10 in the Konserthuset .
1	(the Nobel Prizes; are given out; in the Konserthuset)	the Nobel Prizes	are given out	in the Konserthuset	Alfred Nobel invented dynamite and established the Nobel Prizes , which are given out annually on December 10 in the Konserthuset .
1	(Carolina; win; the Stanley Cup)	Carolina	win	the Stanley Cup	All Mark Recchi did was help Carolina win the Stanley Cup .
0	(All Mark Recchi; did; )	All Mark Recchi	did		All Mark Recchi did was help Carolina win the Stanley Cup .
1	(All computers; have; access to the Internet)	All computers	have	access to the Internet	All computers have access to the Internet through a connection in Atlanta .
1	(Jesus; was leaving; Jericho)	Jesus	was leaving	Jericho	Also , Matthew and Mark indicate that the blind men were healed as Jesus was leaving Jericho whereas Luke suggests that a blind man was healed as the Lord came near to the city .
1	(Jesus; was leaving Jericho; whereas Luke suggests that a blind man was healed)	Jesus	was leaving Jericho	whereas Luke suggests that a blind man was healed	Also , Matthew and Mark indicate that the blind men were healed as Jesus was leaving Jericho whereas Luke suggests that a blind man was healed as the Lord came near to the city .
1	(Luke; suggests; that a blind man was healed as the Lord came near to the city)	Luke	suggests	that a blind man was healed as the Lord came near to the city	Also , Matthew and Mark indicate that the blind men were healed as Jesus was leaving Jericho whereas Luke suggests that a blind man was healed as the Lord came near to the city .
1	(Matthew and Mark; indicate; that the blind men were healed as Jesus was leaving Jericho)	Matthew and Mark	indicate	that the blind men were healed as Jesus was leaving Jericho	Also , Matthew and Mark indicate that the blind men were healed as Jesus was leaving Jericho whereas Luke suggests that a blind man was healed as the Lord came near to the city .
1	(the blind men; were healed; )	the blind men	were healed		Also , Matthew and Mark indicate that the blind men were healed as Jesus was leaving Jericho whereas Luke suggests that a blind man was healed as the Lord came near to the city .
0	(a blind man; was healed; as the Lord came near to the city)	a blind man	was healed	as the Lord came near to the city	Also , Matthew and Mark indicate that the blind men were healed as Jesus was leaving Jericho whereas Luke suggests that a blind man was healed as the Lord came near to the city .
0	(the Lord; came; near to the city)	the Lord	came	near to the city	Also , Matthew and Mark indicate that the blind men were healed as Jesus was leaving Jericho whereas Luke suggests that a blind man was healed as the Lord came near to the city .
1	(the states; are; Kansas , Nebraska , Iowa , New Mexico , Texas , Louisiana , Oklahoma , Colorado , Montana , North Dakota , South Dakota , Utah and Wyoming)	the states	are	Kansas , Nebraska , Iowa , New Mexico , Texas , Louisiana , Oklahoma , Colorado , Montana , North Dakota , South Dakota , Utah and Wyoming	And the states are Kansas , Nebraska , Iowa , New Mexico , Texas , Louisiana , Oklahoma , Colorado , Montana , North Dakota , South Dakota , Utah and Wyoming .
1	(Andrew; spent; last night)	Andrew	spent	last night	Andrew spent last night at Kyle 's house , and came home this morning sick .
1	(Andrew; spent; at Kyle 's house)	Andrew	spent	at Kyle 's house	Andrew spent last night at Kyle 's house , and came home this morning sick .
1	(Andrew; came; home)	Andrew	came	home	Andrew spent last night at Kyle 's house , and came home this morning sick .
1	(Andrew; came; this morning)	Andrew	came	this morning	Andrew spent last night at Kyle 's house , and came home this morning sick .
1	(Andrew; came; sick)	Andrew	came	sick	Andrew spent last night at Kyle 's house , and came home this morning sick .
1	(Anti-Zionism; is not; anti-Semitism)	Anti-Zionism	is not	anti-Semitism	Anti-Zionism is not anti-Semitism ; Weltner goes out of his way to assure people that his issue is with Zionism rather than with Jews .
1	(Weltner; goes; out of his way)	Weltner	goes	out of his way	Anti-Zionism is not anti-Semitism ; Weltner goes out of his way to assure people that his issue is with Zionism rather than with Jews .
1	(Im; As typing; this article)	Im	As typing	this article	As Im typing this article , Ive received an email that I need to coordinate interviews ahead of time .
0	(I; need to coordinate interviews; ahead of time)	I	need to coordinate interviews	ahead of time	As Im typing this article , Ive received an email that I need to coordinate interviews ahead of time .
0	(I; need; to coordinate interviews ahead of time)	I	need	to coordinate interviews ahead of time	As Im typing this article , Ive received an email that I need to coordinate interviews ahead of time .
0	(Ive; received; an email that I need to coordinate interviews ahead of time)	Ive	received	an email that I need to coordinate interviews ahead of time	As Im typing this article , Ive received an email that I need to coordinate interviews ahead of time .
0	(Im; typing; this article)	Im	typing	this article	As Im typing this article , Ive received an email that I need to coordinate interviews ahead of time .
0	(I; need to coordinate; interviews; ahead of time)	I	need to coordinate	interviews; ahead of time	As Im typing this article , Ive received an email that I need to coordinate interviews ahead of time .
1	(Peter; betrayed; Jesus)	Peter	betrayed	Jesus	As sure as Peter betrayed Jesus , in my ambivalence and ignorance I betrayed Him too .
0	(I; As sure betrayed too; Him)	I	As sure betrayed too	Him	As sure as Peter betrayed Jesus , in my ambivalence and ignorance I betrayed Him too .
0	(I; As sure betrayed too Him; in my ambivalence and ignorance)	I	As sure betrayed too Him	in my ambivalence and ignorance	As sure as Peter betrayed Jesus , in my ambivalence and ignorance I betrayed Him too .
1	(the Colts; beat; the Jaguars)	the Colts	beat	the Jaguars	Avenging their most unpleasant NFL game loss last season , the Colts beat the Jaguars with their most heavy tricks and strength players , putting them in a hurry almost all the time .
0	(the Colts; beat putting them; in a hurry)	the Colts	beat putting them	in a hurry	Avenging their most unpleasant NFL game loss last season , the Colts beat the Jaguars with their most heavy tricks and strength players , putting them in a hurry almost all the time .
0	(the Colts; beat putting them; almost all the time)	the Colts	beat putting them	almost all the time	Avenging their most unpleasant NFL game loss last season , the Colts beat the Jaguars with their most heavy tricks and strength players , putting them in a hurry almost all the time .
0	(the Colts; beat the Jaguars putting; them)	the Colts	beat the Jaguars putting	them	Avenging their most unpleasant NFL game loss last season , the Colts beat the Jaguars with their most heavy tricks and strength players , putting them in a hurry almost all the time .
1	(the Colts; beat the Jaguars putting them; in a hurry)	the Colts	beat the Jaguars putting them	in a hurry	Avenging their most unpleasant NFL game loss last season , the Colts beat the Jaguars with their most heavy tricks and strength players , putting them in a hurry almost all the time .
0	(the Colts; beat the Jaguars putting them; almost all the time)	the Colts	beat the Jaguars putting them	almost all the time	Avenging their most unpleasant NFL game loss last season , the Colts beat the Jaguars with their most heavy tricks and strength players , putting them in a hurry almost all the time .
1	(Azureus; is; open source and a superb engine)	Azureus	is	open source and a superb engine	Azureus is open source and a superb engine .
1	(Azureus; is; open source)	Azureus	is	open source	Azureus is open source and a superb engine .
1	(Jews , Christians , and Muslims; find; faith , freedom , and joy on the Sabbath / Christopher D. Ringwald)	Jews , Christians , and Muslims	find	faith , freedom , and joy on the Sabbath / Christopher D. Ringwald	BL595.S9 R56 2007 Eden Stacks 3rd Floor A day apart : how Jews , Christians , and Muslims find faith , freedom , and joy on the Sabbath / Christopher D. Ringwald .
1	(Christ; is; the Door)	Christ	is	the Door	Because Christ is the Door , we can shut out the pain of our past and open it to greener pastures .
1	(we; open; to greener pastures)	we	open	to greener pastures	Because Christ is the Door , we can shut out the pain of our past and open it to greener pastures .
0	(we; open; it)	we	open	it	Because Christ is the Door , we can shut out the pain of our past and open it to greener pastures .
0	(we; open it; to greener pastures)	we	open it	to greener pastures	Because Christ is the Door , we can shut out the pain of our past and open it to greener pastures .
0	(we; can shut out; the pain of our past)	we	can shut out	the pain of our past	Because Christ is the Door , we can shut out the pain of our past and open it to greener pastures .
1	(Bextra; outweighed Bextra; today)	Bextra	outweighed Bextra	today	Bextra outweighed Bextra from the market today have or not .
0	(nine or 10 a month since soldiers; returned; from Iraq)	nine or 10 a month since soldiers	returned	from Iraq	Blackhart said she does n't know why numbers were up in April but added that the nursery is seeing more military parents than usual -- nine or 10 a month since soldiers returned from Iraq .
1	(Blackhart; added; that the nursery is seeing more military parents than usual)	Blackhart	added	that the nursery is seeing more military parents than usual	Blackhart said she does n't know why numbers were up in April but added that the nursery is seeing more military parents than usual -- nine or 10 a month since soldiers returned from Iraq .
1	(the nursery; is seeing; more military parents than usual -- nine or 10 a month since soldiers returned from Iraq)	the nursery	is seeing	more military parents than usual -- nine or 10 a month since soldiers returned from Iraq	Blackhart said she does n't know why numbers were up in April but added that the nursery is seeing more military parents than usual -- nine or 10 a month since soldiers returned from Iraq .
1	(Blackhart; said; she does n't know why numbers were up in April)	Blackhart	said	she does n't know why numbers were up in April	Blackhart said she does n't know why numbers were up in April but added that the nursery is seeing more military parents than usual -- nine or 10 a month since soldiers returned from Iraq .
1	(she; does n't know; why numbers were up in April)	she	does n't know	why numbers were up in April	Blackhart said she does n't know why numbers were up in April but added that the nursery is seeing more military parents than usual -- nine or 10 a month since soldiers returned from Iraq .
0	(numbers; were; up)	numbers	were	up	Blackhart said she does n't know why numbers were up in April but added that the nursery is seeing more military parents than usual -- nine or 10 a month since soldiers returned from Iraq .
1	(numbers; were up; in April)	numbers	were up	in April	Blackhart said she does n't know why numbers were up in April but added that the nursery is seeing more military parents than usual -- nine or 10 a month since soldiers returned from Iraq .
1	(Bob Marley; died; in 1981)	Bob Marley	died	in 1981	Bob Marley died in 1981 at 36 .
1	(Bob Marley; died; at 36)	Bob Marley	died	at 36	Bob Marley died in 1981 at 36 .
1	(50,000 British personnel; ruled; over 90 million Indians)	50,000 British personnel	ruled	over 90 million Indians	Britain ruled India and , by the time Victoria came to the throne of England in 1837 , 50,000 British personnel ruled over 90 million Indians .
1	(Britain; ruled; India)	Britain	ruled	India	Britain ruled India and , by the time Victoria came to the throne of England in 1837 , 50,000 British personnel ruled over 90 million Indians .
1	(Victoria; came; to the throne of England)	Victoria	came	to the throne of England	Britain ruled India and , by the time Victoria came to the throne of England in 1837 , 50,000 British personnel ruled over 90 million Indians .
1	(Victoria; came; in 1837)	Victoria	came	in 1837	Britain ruled India and , by the time Victoria came to the throne of England in 1837 , 50,000 British personnel ruled over 90 million Indians .
1	(the Jews; rejected; Jesus , God Incarnate , and so the Gentiles would be welcomed as the people of God)	the Jews	rejected	Jesus , God Incarnate , and so the Gentiles would be welcomed as the people of God	But , the Jews rejected Jesus , God Incarnate , and so the Gentiles would be welcomed as the people of God .
1	(the Gentiles; would be welcomed; as the people of God)	the Gentiles	would be welcomed	as the people of God	But , the Jews rejected Jesus , God Incarnate , and so the Gentiles would be welcomed as the people of God .
1	(Jesus; gave; a loud cry)	Jesus	gave	a loud cry	But Jesus gave a loud cry and breathed his last .
1	(Jesus; breathed; his last)	Jesus	breathed	his last	But Jesus gave a loud cry and breathed his last .
1	(Susan; had; two children)	Susan	had	two children	But Susan had two children , a determined outlook and was on a mission to testify to the important work Ian had done in the struggle to bring peace and stability to Northern Ireland .
1	(Susan; was; on a mission)	Susan	was	on a mission	But Susan had two children , a determined outlook and was on a mission to testify to the important work Ian had done in the struggle to bring peace and stability to Northern Ireland .
0	(the important work; had done; in the struggle)	the important work	had done	in the struggle	But Susan had two children , a determined outlook and was on a mission to testify to the important work Ian had done in the struggle to bring peace and stability to Northern Ireland .
1	(the deadline; is; December 15)	the deadline	is	December 15	But hurry , the deadline is December 15 !
1	(Buy.com; has; the Creative Live)	Buy.com	has	the Creative Live	Buy.com has the Creative Live !
1	(jazz; is; America 's classical music)	jazz	is	America 's classical music	By all accounts , jazz is America 's classical music .
1	(Channel Image 23 :06; revealed; A flyby)	Channel Image 23 :06	revealed	A flyby	Channel Image 23 :06 Mercury 's volcanic past revealed A flyby by a Nasa unmanned space probe has revealed evidence of widespread volcanism on the planet Mercury .
1	(Clients; include; Ritz-Carlton)	Clients	include	Ritz-Carlton	Clients include Ritz-Carlton , St .
1	(Credit cards; are accepted; )	Credit cards	are accepted		Credit cards are accepted via Paypal with an additional $ 2.50 service charge .
1	(Dave; plays; guitar)	Dave	plays	guitar	Dave plays guitar and we both sing .
0	(we; sing; )	we	sing		Dave plays guitar and we both sing .
1	(a GM spin-off; negotiated; labor agreements)	a GM spin-off	negotiated	labor agreements	Delphi , a GM spin-off filed for bankruptcy in October citing the high burden of GM negotiated labor agreements .
1	(a GM spin-off; filed; for bankruptcy)	a GM spin-off	filed	for bankruptcy	Delphi , a GM spin-off filed for bankruptcy in October citing the high burden of GM negotiated labor agreements .
1	(a GM spin-off; filed; in October)	a GM spin-off	filed	in October	Delphi , a GM spin-off filed for bankruptcy in October citing the high burden of GM negotiated labor agreements .
1	(a GM spin-off; filed citing; the high burden of GM)	a GM spin-off	filed citing	the high burden of GM	Delphi , a GM spin-off filed for bankruptcy in October citing the high burden of GM negotiated labor agreements .
1	(a GM spin-off; filed for bankruptcy; in October)	a GM spin-off	filed for bankruptcy	in October	Delphi , a GM spin-off filed for bankruptcy in October citing the high burden of GM negotiated labor agreements .
1	(a GM spin-off; filed for bankruptcy citing; the high burden of GM)	a GM spin-off	filed for bankruptcy citing	the high burden of GM	Delphi , a GM spin-off filed for bankruptcy in October citing the high burden of GM negotiated labor agreements .
1	(Deron Williams; had; 11 points and 14 assists and the Utah Jazz)	Deron Williams	had	11 points and 14 assists and the Utah Jazz	Deron Williams had 11 points and 14 assists and the Utah Jazz won their fifth straight game , beating the San Antonio Spurs 97-91 on Monday night .
1	(Deron Williams; had; 18 points and six rebounds)	Deron Williams	had	18 points and six rebounds	Deron Williams had 18 points and six rebounds to help No. 1 Illinois defeat No. 22 Cincinnati 67-45 in the final game of the Las Vegas Holiday .
1	(Destinations; include; Halifax , Caribbean)	Destinations	include	Halifax , Caribbean	Destinations include Halifax , Caribbean , Europe .
1	(Elections; are held; in September)	Elections	are held	in September	Elections are held in September with the officers assuming their positions on October 1 .
1	(the officers; with assuming their positions; on October 1)	the officers	with assuming their positions	on October 1	Elections are held in September with the officers assuming their positions on October 1 .
0	(the officers; assuming; their positions)	the officers	assuming	their positions	Elections are held in September with the officers assuming their positions on October 1 .
1	(the officers; assuming their positions; on October 1)	the officers	assuming their positions	on October 1	Elections are held in September with the officers assuming their positions on October 1 .
1	(Elvis; was drafted; into the army)	Elvis	was drafted	into the army	Elvis was drafted into the army and when he was discharged he found that the films he was given to act in were class B movies although big money makers for the box office .
0	(he; was discharged; )	he	was discharged		Elvis was drafted into the army and when he was discharged he found that the films he was given to act in were class B movies although big money makers for the box office .
0	(the films; to act; in were class B movies although big money makers for the box office)	the films	to act	in were class B movies although big money makers for the box office	Elvis was drafted into the army and when he was discharged he found that the films he was given to act in were class B movies although big money makers for the box office .
0	(he; found; that the films he was given to act in were class B movies although)	he	found	that the films he was given to act in were class B movies although	Elvis was drafted into the army and when he was discharged he found that the films he was given to act in were class B movies although big money makers for the box office .
1	(the films he was given; were; class B movies)	the films he was given	were	class B movies	Elvis was drafted into the army and when he was discharged he found that the films he was given to act in were class B movies although big money makers for the box office .
0	(the films; was given; )	the films	was given		Elvis was drafted into the army and when he was discharged he found that the films he was given to act in were class B movies although big money makers for the box office .
1	(someone; dies; in America)	someone	dies	in America	Every hour someone dies in America simply because they are not wearing a safety belt .
1	(someone; dies; Every hour)	someone	dies	Every hour	Every hour someone dies in America simply because they are not wearing a safety belt .
0	(they; simply are not wearing; a safety belt)	they	simply are not wearing	a safety belt	Every hour someone dies in America simply because they are not wearing a safety belt .
0	(there; was a part of; him-and i)	there	was a part of	him-and i	First , Edward was a vampire Second , there was a part of him-and i did n't know how dominant that part might be- that thirsted for my blood .
1	(i; did n't know; how dominant that part might be- that thirsted for my blood)	i	did n't know	how dominant that part might be- that thirsted for my blood	First , Edward was a vampire Second , there was a part of him-and i did n't know how dominant that part might be- that thirsted for my blood .
0	(that part; how dominant might be-; that thirsted for my blood)	that part	how dominant might be-	that thirsted for my blood	First , Edward was a vampire Second , there was a part of him-and i did n't know how dominant that part might be- that thirsted for my blood .
0	(that; thirsted; )	that	thirsted		First , Edward was a vampire Second , there was a part of him-and i did n't know how dominant that part might be- that thirsted for my blood .
1	(Liverpool; beat; Chelsea)	Liverpool	beat	Chelsea	Firstly , can i just say yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee haaaaaaaaaaaaaaw get in you beauty , have it , Liverpool beat Chelsea last night in the champions league semi final .
1	(Liverpool; beat; last night)	Liverpool	beat	last night	Firstly , can i just say yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee haaaaaaaaaaaaaaw get in you beauty , have it , Liverpool beat Chelsea last night in the champions league semi final .
1	(Liverpool; beat; in the champions league semi final)	Liverpool	beat	in the champions league semi final	Firstly , can i just say yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee haaaaaaaaaaaaaaw get in you beauty , have it , Liverpool beat Chelsea last night in the champions league semi final .
1	(Liverpool; beat Chelsea; in the champions league semi final)	Liverpool	beat Chelsea	in the champions league semi final	Firstly , can i just say yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee haaaaaaaaaaaaaaw get in you beauty , have it , Liverpool beat Chelsea last night in the champions league semi final .
1	(Liverpool; beat Chelsea; last night)	Liverpool	beat Chelsea	last night	Firstly , can i just say yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee haaaaaaaaaaaaaaw get in you beauty , have it , Liverpool beat Chelsea last night in the champions league semi final .
0	(i; Firstly can just say; haaaaaaaaaaaaaaw get in you beauty , have it)	i	Firstly can just say	haaaaaaaaaaaaaaw get in you beauty , have it	Firstly , can i just say yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee haaaaaaaaaaaaaaw get in you beauty , have it , Liverpool beat Chelsea last night in the champions league semi final .
1	(the United States; invaded; Afghanistan)	the United States	invaded	Afghanistan	Five years ago when the United States invaded Afghanistan , the US was trying to find the number one person that planned and executed 9/11 .
0	(the number one person; planned; )	the number one person	planned		Five years ago when the United States invaded Afghanistan , the US was trying to find the number one person that planned and executed 9/11 .
0	(the US; executed; 9/11)	the US	executed	9/11	Five years ago when the United States invaded Afghanistan , the US was trying to find the number one person that planned and executed 9/11 .
0	(the US; executed 9/11; when the United States invaded Afghanistan)	the US	executed 9/11	when the United States invaded Afghanistan	Five years ago when the United States invaded Afghanistan , the US was trying to find the number one person that planned and executed 9/11 .
1	(the US; was trying; to find the number one person)	the US	was trying	to find the number one person	Five years ago when the United States invaded Afghanistan , the US was trying to find the number one person that planned and executed 9/11 .
1	(the US; was trying to find the number one person; Five years ago)	the US	was trying to find the number one person	Five years ago	Five years ago when the United States invaded Afghanistan , the US was trying to find the number one person that planned and executed 9/11 .
1	(the US; was trying to find the number one person; when the United States invaded Afghanistan)	the US	was trying to find the number one person	when the United States invaded Afghanistan	Five years ago when the United States invaded Afghanistan , the US was trying to find the number one person that planned and executed 9/11 .
0	(the US; was trying to find; the number one person that planned)	the US	was trying to find	the number one person that planned	Five years ago when the United States invaded Afghanistan , the US was trying to find the number one person that planned and executed 9/11 .
1	(Florida; is; the best team)	Florida	is	the best team	Florida is the best team and their Midwest bracket is weak .
1	(their Midwest bracket; is; weak)	their Midwest bracket	is	weak	Florida is the best team and their Midwest bracket is weak .
1	(Snap-on; is; a $ 2+ billion , S&amp)	Snap-on	is	a $ 2+ billion , S&amp	Founded in 1920 , Snap-on is a $ 2+ billion , S&amp;P 500 Company headquartered in Kenosha , Wisconsin .
1	(Snap-on; is a $ 2+ billion , S & amp; Founded in 1920)	Snap-on	is a $ 2+ billion , S & amp	Founded in 1920	Founded in 1920 , Snap-on is a $ 2+ billion , S&amp;P 500 Company headquartered in Kenosha , Wisconsin .
0	(P 500 Company; headquartered; in Kenosha)	P 500 Company	headquartered	in Kenosha	Founded in 1920 , Snap-on is a $ 2+ billion , S&amp;P 500 Company headquartered in Kenosha , Wisconsin .
1	(Frida Kahlo; was born; in 1907)	Frida Kahlo	was born	in 1907	Frida Kahlo was born in 1907 in Coyoacan Mexico .
1	(Frida Kahlo; was born; in Coyoacan Mexico)	Frida Kahlo	was born	in Coyoacan Mexico	Frida Kahlo was born in 1907 in Coyoacan Mexico .
1	(Gandhi; returned; to India)	Gandhi	returned	to India	Gandhi returned to India a hero , hailed with a new name Mahatma-great soul .
1	(Gandhi; returned; a hero , hailed with a new name Mahatma-great soul)	Gandhi	returned	a hero , hailed with a new name Mahatma-great soul	Gandhi returned to India a hero , hailed with a new name Mahatma-great soul .
1	(a hero; hailed; with a new name)	a hero	hailed	with a new name	Gandhi returned to India a hero , hailed with a new name Mahatma-great soul .
1	(German troops; invaded; Poland)	German troops	invaded	Poland	German troops invaded Poland , and refugees streamed into Lithuania bringing with them tales of atrocities against the Jewish population .
1	(refugees; streamed; into Lithuania)	refugees	streamed	into Lithuania	German troops invaded Poland , and refugees streamed into Lithuania bringing with them tales of atrocities against the Jewish population .
1	(refugees; bringing tales of atrocities against the Jewish population; with them)	refugees	bringing tales of atrocities against the Jewish population	with them	German troops invaded Poland , and refugees streamed into Lithuania bringing with them tales of atrocities against the Jewish population .
1	(refugees; bringing; tales of atrocities against the Jewish population)	refugees	bringing	tales of atrocities against the Jewish population	German troops invaded Poland , and refugees streamed into Lithuania bringing with them tales of atrocities against the Jewish population .
1	(Glenrothes; led; the way in Scotland)	Glenrothes	led	the way in Scotland	Glenrothes led the way in Scotland being the first new town to desean jackson a town artist in 1968 .
1	(Goals; win; games)	Goals	win	games	Goals win games and remove pressure all round and if prioity is not soon exercised then this season will be a failure and questions asked about our management of the club as whole and not leaving out the Chairman !
0	(prioity; is not exercised; then)	prioity	is not exercised	then	Goals win games and remove pressure all round and if prioity is not soon exercised then this season will be a failure and questions asked about our management of the club as whole and not leaving out the Chairman !
0	(prioity; is not exercised; soon)	prioity	is not exercised	soon	Goals win games and remove pressure all round and if prioity is not soon exercised then this season will be a failure and questions asked about our management of the club as whole and not leaving out the Chairman !
1	(this season; will be; a failure and questions asked about our management of the club)	this season	will be	a failure and questions asked about our management of the club	Goals win games and remove pressure all round and if prioity is not soon exercised then this season will be a failure and questions asked about our management of the club as whole and not leaving out the Chairman !
0	(Google; does; things)	Google	does	things	Google does things their Own Way , and theyre not afraid who knows it .
1	(Hekmatyar; fled; to Iran)	Hekmatyar	fled	to Iran	Hekmatyar fled to Iran after the Taliban entered Kabul in 1996 , returning to Afghanistan only last month after the Iranian government expelled him .
1	(Hekmatyar; fled to Iran; after the Taliban entered Kabul in 1996)	Hekmatyar	fled to Iran	after the Taliban entered Kabul in 1996	Hekmatyar fled to Iran after the Taliban entered Kabul in 1996 , returning to Afghanistan only last month after the Iranian government expelled him .
1	(the Taliban; entered; Kabul)	the Taliban	entered	Kabul	Hekmatyar fled to Iran after the Taliban entered Kabul in 1996 , returning to Afghanistan only last month after the Iranian government expelled him .
1	(the Taliban; entered Kabul; in 1996)	the Taliban	entered Kabul	in 1996	Hekmatyar fled to Iran after the Taliban entered Kabul in 1996 , returning to Afghanistan only last month after the Iranian government expelled him .
1	(the Taliban; returning; to Afghanistan)	the Taliban	returning	to Afghanistan	Hekmatyar fled to Iran after the Taliban entered Kabul in 1996 , returning to Afghanistan only last month after the Iranian government expelled him .
1	(the Taliban; returning; only last month)	the Taliban	returning	only last month	Hekmatyar fled to Iran after the Taliban entered Kabul in 1996 , returning to Afghanistan only last month after the Iranian government expelled him .
1	(the Taliban; returning; after the Iranian government expelled him)	the Taliban	returning	after the Iranian government expelled him	Hekmatyar fled to Iran after the Taliban entered Kabul in 1996 , returning to Afghanistan only last month after the Iranian government expelled him .
0	(the Iranian government; expelled; him)	the Iranian government	expelled	him	Hekmatyar fled to Iran after the Taliban entered Kabul in 1996 , returning to Afghanistan only last month after the Iranian government expelled him .
1	(Hes; gained; weight)	Hes	gained	weight	Hes gained weight and is back to his old self .
1	(Hes; is; back to his old self)	Hes	is	back to his old self	Hes gained weight and is back to his old self .
1	(Hes; is back to; his old self)	Hes	is back to	his old self	Hes gained weight and is back to his old self .
1	(How former muslim farhad found Jesus; is; more than a prophet)	How former muslim farhad found Jesus	is	more than a prophet	How former muslim farhad found Jesus is more than a prophet .
1	(Jesus; is more than; a prophet)	Jesus	is more than	a prophet	How former muslim farhad found Jesus is more than a prophet .
1	(Humans; are; animals)	Humans	are	animals	Humans are animals and have rights .
1	(Humans; have; rights)	Humans	have	rights	Humans are animals and have rights .
0	(I; 've heard; rumours that Obama has offered him Attorney General)	I	've heard	rumours that Obama has offered him Attorney General	I 've heard rumours that Obama has offered him Attorney General , but I think he 's hedging his bets as Hillary is ahead in the polls .
0	(rumours; has offered; him)	rumours	has offered	him	I 've heard rumours that Obama has offered him Attorney General , but I think he 's hedging his bets as Hillary is ahead in the polls .
1	(Hillary; is; ahead)	Hillary	is	ahead	I 've heard rumours that Obama has offered him Attorney General , but I think he 's hedging his bets as Hillary is ahead in the polls .
1	(Hillary; is ahead; in the polls)	Hillary	is ahead	in the polls	I 've heard rumours that Obama has offered him Attorney General , but I think he 's hedging his bets as Hillary is ahead in the polls .
0	(I; think; he 's hedging his bets as Hillary is ahead in the polls)	I	think	he 's hedging his bets as Hillary is ahead in the polls	I 've heard rumours that Obama has offered him Attorney General , but I think he 's hedging his bets as Hillary is ahead in the polls .
1	(he; 's hedging; his bets)	he	's hedging	his bets	I 've heard rumours that Obama has offered him Attorney General , but I think he 's hedging his bets as Hillary is ahead in the polls .
1	(he; 's hedging his bets; as Hillary is ahead in the polls)	he	's hedging his bets	as Hillary is ahead in the polls	I 've heard rumours that Obama has offered him Attorney General , but I think he 's hedging his bets as Hillary is ahead in the polls .
1	(Italy; invaded; Abyssinia)	Italy	invaded	Abyssinia	In 1935 , Italy invaded Abyssinia and captured it along with the Ogaden and the territories of other nations in the area .
1	(Italy; invaded Abyssinia; In 1935)	Italy	invaded Abyssinia	In 1935	In 1935 , Italy invaded Abyssinia and captured it along with the Ogaden and the territories of other nations in the area .
1	(Italy; captured; it)	Italy	captured	it	In 1935 , Italy invaded Abyssinia and captured it along with the Ogaden and the territories of other nations in the area .
1	(Italy; captured it; In 1935)	Italy	captured it	In 1935	In 1935 , Italy invaded Abyssinia and captured it along with the Ogaden and the territories of other nations in the area .
1	(Indonesia; was; the fourth largest country in the world)	Indonesia	was	the fourth largest country in the world	In 1994 , Indonesia was the fourth largest country in the world and had an estimated 192 million people .
1	(Indonesia; was the fourth largest country in the world; In 1994)	Indonesia	was the fourth largest country in the world	In 1994	In 1994 , Indonesia was the fourth largest country in the world and had an estimated 192 million people .
1	(Indonesia; had; an estimated 192 million people)	Indonesia	had	an estimated 192 million people	In 1994 , Indonesia was the fourth largest country in the world and had an estimated 192 million people .
1	(Indonesia; had an estimated 192 million people; In 1994)	Indonesia	had an estimated 192 million people	In 1994	In 1994 , Indonesia was the fourth largest country in the world and had an estimated 192 million people .
1	(Indonesia; was the fourth largest country in; the world)	Indonesia	was the fourth largest country in	the world	In 1994 , Indonesia was the fourth largest country in the world and had an estimated 192 million people .
1	(the album; was released; in the USA)	the album	was released	in the USA	In 2003 , the album was released in the USA to critical acclaim .
1	(the album; was released; In 2003)	the album	was released	In 2003	In 2003 , the album was released in the USA to critical acclaim .
1	(the Lord; appeared; to Solomon)	the Lord	appeared	to Solomon	In Gibeon , the Lord appeared to Solomon in a dream and told Solomon to ask Him for what He would give him .
1	(the Lord; appeared; in a dream)	the Lord	appeared	in a dream	In Gibeon , the Lord appeared to Solomon in a dream and told Solomon to ask Him for what He would give him .
1	(the Lord; appeared; In Gibeon)	the Lord	appeared	In Gibeon	In Gibeon , the Lord appeared to Solomon in a dream and told Solomon to ask Him for what He would give him .
1	(the Lord; told; Solomon)	the Lord	told	Solomon	In Gibeon , the Lord appeared to Solomon in a dream and told Solomon to ask Him for what He would give him .
1	(the Lord; told Solomon; to ask Him for what He would give him)	the Lord	told Solomon	to ask Him for what He would give him	In Gibeon , the Lord appeared to Solomon in a dream and told Solomon to ask Him for what He would give him .
1	(the Lord; told Solomon; In Gibeon)	the Lord	told Solomon	In Gibeon	In Gibeon , the Lord appeared to Solomon in a dream and told Solomon to ask Him for what He would give him .
1	(Solomon; to ask; Him)	Solomon	to ask	Him	In Gibeon , the Lord appeared to Solomon in a dream and told Solomon to ask Him for what He would give him .
1	(Solomon; to ask Him; for what He would give him)	Solomon	to ask Him	for what He would give him	In Gibeon , the Lord appeared to Solomon in a dream and told Solomon to ask Him for what He would give him .
0	(He; would give; him)	He	would give	him	In Gibeon , the Lord appeared to Solomon in a dream and told Solomon to ask Him for what He would give him .
1	(the countries; were; China , India , Indonesia , Bangladesh , Pakistan , Nepal and the Philippines)	the countries	were	China , India , Indonesia , Bangladesh , Pakistan , Nepal and the Philippines	In Phase-II from 1989-1992 , the countries included , were China , India , Indonesia , Bangladesh , Pakistan , Nepal and the Philippines .
1	(the countries; included; In Phase-II from 1989-1992)	the countries	included	In Phase-II from 1989-1992	In Phase-II from 1989-1992 , the countries included , were China , India , Indonesia , Bangladesh , Pakistan , Nepal and the Philippines .
1	(Rome; when was; in power)	Rome	when was	in power	In the 3rd century when Rome was in power , Claudius I I decided that single men made better soldiers than married men .
1	(single men; made; better soldiers than married men)	single men	made	better soldiers than married men	In the 3rd century when Rome was in power , Claudius I I decided that single men made better soldiers than married men .
0	(I; decided; that single men made better soldiers than married men)	I	decided	that single men made better soldiers than married men	In the 3rd century when Rome was in power , Claudius I I decided that single men made better soldiers than married men .
1	(Rome; was; in power)	Rome	was	in power	In the 3rd century when Rome was in power , Claudius I I decided that single men made better soldiers than married men .
0	(I; decided that single men made better soldiers than married men; In the 3rd century)	I	decided that single men made better soldiers than married men	In the 3rd century	In the 3rd century when Rome was in power , Claudius I I decided that single men made better soldiers than married men .
0	(I; decided that single men made better soldiers than married men; when Rome was in power)	I	decided that single men made better soldiers than married men	when Rome was in power	In the 3rd century when Rome was in power , Claudius I I decided that single men made better soldiers than married men .
0	(this; is; why people live in Paris)	this	is	why people live in Paris	Indeed , this is why people live in Paris .
1	(people; live; in Paris)	people	live	in Paris	Indeed , this is why people live in Paris .
1	(India; is divided; into 28 states and seven union territories)	India	is divided	into 28 states and seven union territories	India is divided into 28 states and seven union territories .
1	(India; is divided into; 28 states and seven union territories)	India	is divided into	28 states and seven union territories	India is divided into 28 states and seven union territories .
1	(India; went; into lunch)	India	went	into lunch	India went into lunch at 449 for four , with Ganguly on 62 and Laxman on 41 .
1	(India; went; at 449)	India	went	at 449	India went into lunch at 449 for four , with Ganguly on 62 and Laxman on 41 .
1	(India; went; with Ganguly)	India	went	with Ganguly	India went into lunch at 449 for four , with Ganguly on 62 and Laxman on 41 .
1	(parents; identified themselves; as Latino)	parents	identified themselves	as Latino	Interviews were conducted in Spanish with parents who identified themselves as Latino and had at least one child between 4 and 8 years of age .
1	(Interviews; were conducted; in Spanish)	Interviews	were conducted	in Spanish	Interviews were conducted in Spanish with parents who identified themselves as Latino and had at least one child between 4 and 8 years of age .
1	(parents; had at least one child; between 4 and 8 years of age)	parents	had at least one child	between 4 and 8 years of age	Interviews were conducted in Spanish with parents who identified themselves as Latino and had at least one child between 4 and 8 years of age .
0	(It; 's; the End of days)	It	's	the End of days	Islam is Muslims , The heart of a Muslim is the house of the Real Islam , If it collapsed , Islam is collapsing and It 's the End of days .
1	(Islam; is collapsing; )	Islam	is collapsing		Islam is Muslims , The heart of a Muslim is the house of the Real Islam , If it collapsed , Islam is collapsing and It 's the End of days .
1	(The heart of a Muslim; is; the house of the Real Islam)	The heart of a Muslim	is	the house of the Real Islam	Islam is Muslims , The heart of a Muslim is the house of the Real Islam , If it collapsed , Islam is collapsing and It 's the End of days .
1	(Islam; is; Muslims)	Islam	is	Muslims	Islam is Muslims , The heart of a Muslim is the house of the Real Islam , If it collapsed , Islam is collapsing and It 's the End of days .
0	(it; collapsed; )	it	collapsed		Islam is Muslims , The heart of a Muslim is the house of the Real Islam , If it collapsed , Islam is collapsing and It 's the End of days .
0	(a Muslim; is the house of; the Real Islam)	a Muslim	is the house of	the Real Islam	Islam is Muslims , The heart of a Muslim is the house of the Real Islam , If it collapsed , Islam is collapsing and It 's the End of days .
1	(Israel; is; the canary in the coal mine in a global war)	Israel	is	the canary in the coal mine in a global war	Israel is the canary in the coal mine in a global war being waged by Islam .
1	(a global war; being waged; by Islam)	a global war	being waged	by Islam	Israel is the canary in the coal mine in a global war being waged by Islam .
1	(Israel; is the canary in; the coal mine)	Israel	is the canary in	the coal mine	Israel is the canary in the coal mine in a global war being waged by Islam .
1	(Israel; resumed; fuel supplies)	Israel	resumed	fuel supplies	Israel resumed fuel supplies to the Gaza Strip after an international outcry .
1	(Israel; resumed fuel supplies; after an international outcry)	Israel	resumed fuel supplies	after an international outcry	Israel resumed fuel supplies to the Gaza Strip after an international outcry .
0	(It; turns out; after Pelosi became speaker her son)	It	turns out	after Pelosi became speaker her son	It turns out that after Pelosi became speaker her son , Paul Pelosi jr .
1	(Pelosi; became; speaker)	Pelosi	became	speaker	It turns out that after Pelosi became speaker her son , Paul Pelosi jr .
1	(The Bears; having go; to the Super bowl)	The Bears	having go	to the Super bowl	It was an exciting weekend in Illinois having The Bears go to the Super bowl for the first time since 1986 ; needless to say the streets were covered in blue and orange .
1	(The Bears; having go; for the first time since 1986)	The Bears	having go	for the first time since 1986	It was an exciting weekend in Illinois having The Bears go to the Super bowl for the first time since 1986 ; needless to say the streets were covered in blue and orange .
0	(It; was an exciting weekend in; Illinois)	It	was an exciting weekend in	Illinois	It was an exciting weekend in Illinois having The Bears go to the Super bowl for the first time since 1986 ; needless to say the streets were covered in blue and orange .
0	(NET; to create; plugins)	NET	to create	plugins	Ive had success using .NET to create plugins .
0	(Ive; had; success)	Ive	had	success	Ive had success using .NET to create plugins .
0	(Ive; had success using; )	Ive	had success using		Ive had success using .NET to create plugins .
0	(Ive; had; the best times)	Ive	had	the best times	Ive had the best times and made some awesome friends .
0	(Ive; made; some awesome friends)	Ive	made	some awesome friends	Ive had the best times and made some awesome friends .
0	(Ive; read; the novel)	Ive	read	the novel	Ive read the novel and I find that its discussing a really important point , Homlessness .
0	(I; find; its discussing a really important point , Homlessness)	I	find	its discussing a really important point , Homlessness	Ive read the novel and I find that its discussing a really important point , Homlessness .
0	(its; discussing; a really important point)	its	discussing	a really important point	Ive read the novel and I find that its discussing a really important point , Homlessness .
0	(Ive; seen this effect; before)	Ive	seen this effect	before	Ive seen this effect before but cant remember the website .
0	(Ive; ca nt remember; the website)	Ive	ca nt remember	the website	Ive seen this effect before but cant remember the website .
1	(we; are; and grace to show us what we can become)	we	are	and grace to show us what we can become	Jesus spoke truth to show us what we are and grace to show us what we can become .
0	(we; grace; to show us what we can become)	we	grace	to show us what we can become	Jesus spoke truth to show us what we are and grace to show us what we can become .
1	(Jesus; spoke truth; to show us what we are and grace to show us what we can become)	Jesus	spoke truth	to show us what we are and grace to show us what we can become	Jesus spoke truth to show us what we are and grace to show us what we can become .
0	(Jesus; spoke to show what we are and grace to show us what we can become; )	Jesus	spoke to show what we are and grace to show us what we can become		Jesus spoke truth to show us what we are and grace to show us what we can become .
1	(Jesus; spoke truth; to show us what we are and grace)	Jesus	spoke truth	to show us what we are and grace	Jesus spoke truth to show us what we are and grace to show us what we can become .
0	(Jesus; spoke to show us; we are and grace)	Jesus	spoke to show us	we are and grace	Jesus spoke truth to show us what we are and grace to show us what we can become .
0	(we; are; to show us what we can become)	we	are	to show us what we can become	Jesus spoke truth to show us what we are and grace to show us what we can become .
1	(Jesus; spoke; truth)	Jesus	spoke	truth	Jesus spoke truth to show us what we are and grace to show us what we can become .
1	(Jesus; spoke truth to show; us)	Jesus	spoke truth to show	us	Jesus spoke truth to show us what we are and grace to show us what we can become .
0	(Jesus; spoke truth to show us; we are and grace)	Jesus	spoke truth to show us	we are and grace	Jesus spoke truth to show us what we are and grace to show us what we can become .
1	(Jurors; deliberated; for about two hours in the case of 44-year-old Leroy Jaramillo)	Jurors	deliberated	for about two hours in the case of 44-year-old Leroy Jaramillo	Jurors deliberated for about two hours in the case of 44-year-old Leroy Jaramillo .
1	(Katrina; struck; Louisiana)	Katrina	struck	Louisiana	Katrina struck Louisiana on Monday with 140 mile per hour winds , while slamming into the coasts of neighboring Mississippi , Alabama and western Florida .
1	(Katrina; struck Louisiana; on Monday)	Katrina	struck Louisiana	on Monday	Katrina struck Louisiana on Monday with 140 mile per hour winds , while slamming into the coasts of neighboring Mississippi , Alabama and western Florida .
1	(Katrina; struck Louisiana; with 140 mile per hour winds)	Katrina	struck Louisiana	with 140 mile per hour winds	Katrina struck Louisiana on Monday with 140 mile per hour winds , while slamming into the coasts of neighboring Mississippi , Alabama and western Florida .
1	(Katrina; struck Louisiana; while slamming into the coasts of neighboring Mississippi , Alabama and western Florida)	Katrina	struck Louisiana	while slamming into the coasts of neighboring Mississippi , Alabama and western Florida	Katrina struck Louisiana on Monday with 140 mile per hour winds , while slamming into the coasts of neighboring Mississippi , Alabama and western Florida .
1	(Los Angeles; is; home to people from more than 140 countries zestra)	Los Angeles	is	home to people from more than 140 countries zestra	Los Angeles is home to people from more than 140 countries zestra at least 225 different languages .
1	(Lucy; is; in love)	Lucy	is	in love	Lucy is in love with Dr. Jekyll , but she is drawn to Mr. Hyde , in spite of her fear .
0	(she; is drawn; to Mr. Hyde)	she	is drawn	to Mr. Hyde	Lucy is in love with Dr. Jekyll , but she is drawn to Mr. Hyde , in spite of her fear .
1	(Melbourne; is; Australia 's second-largest city)	Melbourne	is	Australia 's second-largest city	Melbourne is Australia 's second-largest city , trailing only Sydney .
1	(Michigan; lost; to Ohio State)	Michigan	lost	to Ohio State	Michigan lost to Ohio State on the field .
1	(Michigan; lost; on the field)	Michigan	lost	on the field	Michigan lost to Ohio State on the field .
1	(Michigan; lost to Ohio State; on the field)	Michigan	lost to Ohio State	on the field	Michigan lost to Ohio State on the field .
0	(Microsoft; is doing differently; things)	Microsoft	is doing differently	things	Microsoft is doing things differently this time around and they have learned from their mistakes .
1	(Microsoft; is doing differently things; this time)	Microsoft	is doing differently things	this time	Microsoft is doing things differently this time around and they have learned from their mistakes .
1	(Microsoft; is doing differently things; around)	Microsoft	is doing differently things	around	Microsoft is doing things differently this time around and they have learned from their mistakes .
0	(they; have learned; from their mistakes)	they	have learned	from their mistakes	Microsoft is doing things differently this time around and they have learned from their mistakes .
1	(Miguel Tejada; had; three hits)	Miguel Tejada	had	three hits	Miguel Tejada had three hits and drove in a run for the Orioles .
1	(Miguel Tejada; drove; in a run for the Orioles)	Miguel Tejada	drove	in a run for the Orioles	Miguel Tejada had three hits and drove in a run for the Orioles .
1	(Most orders; are shipped via; UPS Ground and Fedex Ground)	Most orders	are shipped via	UPS Ground and Fedex Ground	Most orders are shipped via UPS Ground and Fedex Ground .
1	(Most orders; are shipped; )	Most orders	are shipped		Most orders are shipped via UPS Ground and Fedex Ground .
1	(Most orders; are shipped via; UPS Ground)	Most orders	are shipped via	UPS Ground	Most orders are shipped via UPS Ground and Fedex Ground .
1	(Nanjing; northwest is; the capital of Jiangsu Province , China)	Nanjing	northwest is	the capital of Jiangsu Province , China	Nanjing , some 260 km northwest of Shanghai , is the capital of Jiangsu Province , China , and has a population of around five million people .
1	(Nanjing; has; a population of around five million people)	Nanjing	has	a population of around five million people	Nanjing , some 260 km northwest of Shanghai , is the capital of Jiangsu Province , China , and has a population of around five million people .
0	(they; would go; up to the annual festival in Shiloh)	they	would go	up to the annual festival in Shiloh	Neverthless , Elkanah loved Hannah and when they would go up to the annual festival in Shiloh , he showed his favor by given Hannah a double portion .
0	(he; showed; his favor)	he	showed	his favor	Neverthless , Elkanah loved Hannah and when they would go up to the annual festival in Shiloh , he showed his favor by given Hannah a double portion .
0	(Neverthless; loved; Hannah)	Neverthless	loved	Hannah	Neverthless , Elkanah loved Hannah and when they would go up to the annual festival in Shiloh , he showed his favor by given Hannah a double portion .
1	(OJ Simpson; to face; charges of violating bail)	OJ Simpson	to face	charges of violating bail	OJ Simpson appears in court to face charges of violating bail , judge doubles bail to $ 250,000 for violating terms of his original bail by attempting to contact a co-defendant in his armed robbery case .
1	(judge; doubles; bail)	judge	doubles	bail	OJ Simpson appears in court to face charges of violating bail , judge doubles bail to $ 250,000 for violating terms of his original bail by attempting to contact a co-defendant in his armed robbery case .
1	(judge; doubles bail; to $ 250,000)	judge	doubles bail	to $ 250,000	OJ Simpson appears in court to face charges of violating bail , judge doubles bail to $ 250,000 for violating terms of his original bail by attempting to contact a co-defendant in his armed robbery case .
1	(OJ Simpson; appears; in court)	OJ Simpson	appears	in court	OJ Simpson appears in court to face charges of violating bail , judge doubles bail to $ 250,000 for violating terms of his original bail by attempting to contact a co-defendant in his armed robbery case .
1	(OJ Simpson; appears; to face charges of violating bail)	OJ Simpson	appears	to face charges of violating bail	OJ Simpson appears in court to face charges of violating bail , judge doubles bail to $ 250,000 for violating terms of his original bail by attempting to contact a co-defendant in his armed robbery case .
1	(OREGON; does not have; a sales tax)	OREGON	does not have	a sales tax	OREGON does not have a sales tax so they get off scott free .
1	(OREGON; does not have a sales tax; so they get off scott free)	OREGON	does not have a sales tax	so they get off scott free	OREGON does not have a sales tax so they get off scott free .
0	(they; get off; scott free)	they	get off	scott free	OREGON does not have a sales tax so they get off scott free .
1	(OS X; is; build on UNIX its right)	OS X	is	build on UNIX its right	OS X is build on UNIX its right , but It is installed on an HFS+ partition , so it must be some fragmentation !
0	(It; is installed; on an HFS+ partition)	It	is installed	on an HFS+ partition	OS X is build on UNIX its right , but It is installed on an HFS+ partition , so it must be some fragmentation !
0	(It; is installed on an HFS+ partition; so it must be some fragmentation)	It	is installed on an HFS+ partition	so it must be some fragmentation	OS X is build on UNIX its right , but It is installed on an HFS+ partition , so it must be some fragmentation !
0	(it; must be; some fragmentation)	it	must be	some fragmentation	OS X is build on UNIX its right , but It is installed on an HFS+ partition , so it must be some fragmentation !
1	(Obama; is; a closet Muslim)	Obama	is	a closet Muslim	Obama was born a Muslim and is a closet Muslim .
1	(Paper; presented; at the annual meeting of the American Society for Information Science , San Francisco , CA)	Paper	presented	at the annual meeting of the American Society for Information Science , San Francisco , CA	Paper presented at the annual meeting of the American Society for Information Science , San Francisco , CA , 7 October 1976 .
1	(Pau Gasol; had; 24 points and 13 rebounds)	Pau Gasol	had	24 points and 13 rebounds	Pau Gasol had 24 points and 13 rebounds .
1	(Paul; leaves; Athens)	Paul	leaves	Athens	Paul leaves Athens and goes to Corinth .
1	(Paul; goes; to Corinth)	Paul	goes	to Corinth	Paul leaves Athens and goes to Corinth .
1	(Phaedra; falls; in love with Hippolytus)	Phaedra	falls	in love with Hippolytus	Phaedra falls in love with Hippolytus , who does not reciprocate .
1	(Hippolytus; does not reciprocate; )	Hippolytus	does not reciprocate		Phaedra falls in love with Hippolytus , who does not reciprocate .
1	(Philip; goes; to Samaria)	Philip	goes	to Samaria	Philip goes to Samaria and preaches Christ .
1	(Philip; preaches; Christ)	Philip	preaches	Christ	Philip goes to Samaria and preaches Christ .
1	(Pluto; is; in Capricorn)	Pluto	is	in Capricorn	Pluto is in Capricorn and a good number of the people who read here have Pluto in Virgo which means that Saturn is transiting conjunct their Pluto which is another Pluto/Capricorn exchange .
0	(the people; read; here)	the people	read	here	Pluto is in Capricorn and a good number of the people who read here have Pluto in Virgo which means that Saturn is transiting conjunct their Pluto which is another Pluto/Capricorn exchange .
1	(Saturn; is transiting; their Pluto)	Saturn	is transiting	their Pluto	Pluto is in Capricorn and a good number of the people who read here have Pluto in Virgo which means that Saturn is transiting conjunct their Pluto which is another Pluto/Capricorn exchange .
1	(Portugal; was; the better team)	Portugal	was	the better team	Portugal was the better team but i said to myself if Greece scores first Portugal is fucked.And they did .
0	(i; said if Greece scores first Portugal is fucked; )	i	said if Greece scores first Portugal is fucked		Portugal was the better team but i said to myself if Greece scores first Portugal is fucked.And they did .
0	(i; said to myself; if Greece scores first Portugal is fucked)	i	said to myself	if Greece scores first Portugal is fucked	Portugal was the better team but i said to myself if Greece scores first Portugal is fucked.And they did .
0	(they; did; )	they	did		Portugal was the better team but i said to myself if Greece scores first Portugal is fucked.And they did .
0	(i; said; to myself)	i	said	to myself	Portugal was the better team but i said to myself if Greece scores first Portugal is fucked.And they did .
0	(if Greece scores; is fucked; first)	if Greece scores	is fucked	first	Portugal was the better team but i said to myself if Greece scores first Portugal is fucked.And they did .
1	(Pro Tools; is; the industry standard)	Pro Tools	is	the industry standard	Pro Tools is the industry standard , but the professional studios also have 200k worth of hardware to go with it .
1	(the professional studios; also have; 200k worth of hardware to go with it)	the professional studios	also have	200k worth of hardware to go with it	Pro Tools is the industry standard , but the professional studios also have 200k worth of hardware to go with it .
1	(Rachel; was; in love with him)	Rachel	was	in love with him	Rachel was in love with him since we showed up at Hogwarts , I do n't understand why she was n't so keen on coming anyways .
0	(I; do n't understand; why she was n't so keen on coming anyways)	I	do n't understand	why she was n't so keen on coming anyways	Rachel was in love with him since we showed up at Hogwarts , I do n't understand why she was n't so keen on coming anyways .
0	(we; showed up; at Hogwarts)	we	showed up	at Hogwarts	Rachel was in love with him since we showed up at Hogwarts , I do n't understand why she was n't so keen on coming anyways .
0	(she; was n't; so keen on coming anyways)	she	was n't	so keen on coming anyways	Rachel was in love with him since we showed up at Hogwarts , I do n't understand why she was n't so keen on coming anyways .
0	(she; was n't on coming; anyways)	she	was n't on coming	anyways	Rachel was in love with him since we showed up at Hogwarts , I do n't understand why she was n't so keen on coming anyways .
1	(Rahab; was; a gentile and a harlot and Ruth)	Rahab	was	a gentile and a harlot and Ruth	Rahab was a gentile and a harlot and Ruth was a Maobite .
1	(Ive; talked; to many people)	Ive	talked	to many people	Robin : Ive talked to many people over the years and have gotten great quotes that helped me formulate ideas about how I wanted to do this .
1	(Ive; talked; over the years)	Ive	talked	over the years	Robin : Ive talked to many people over the years and have gotten great quotes that helped me formulate ideas about how I wanted to do this .
1	(great quotes; helped; me formulate ideas about how I wanted to do this)	great quotes	helped	me formulate ideas about how I wanted to do this	Robin : Ive talked to many people over the years and have gotten great quotes that helped me formulate ideas about how I wanted to do this .
0	(me; formulate; ideas about how I wanted to do this)	me	formulate	ideas about how I wanted to do this	Robin : Ive talked to many people over the years and have gotten great quotes that helped me formulate ideas about how I wanted to do this .
0	(I; about how wanted; to do this)	I	about how wanted	to do this	Robin : Ive talked to many people over the years and have gotten great quotes that helped me formulate ideas about how I wanted to do this .
0	(I; about how wanted to do; this)	I	about how wanted to do	this	Robin : Ive talked to many people over the years and have gotten great quotes that helped me formulate ideas about how I wanted to do this .
0	(Ive; have gotten; great quotes that helped me formulate ideas about how I wanted to do this)	Ive	have gotten	great quotes that helped me formulate ideas about how I wanted to do this	Robin : Ive talked to many people over the years and have gotten great quotes that helped me formulate ideas about how I wanted to do this .
0	(Ive; talked to many people; over the years)	Ive	talked to many people	over the years	Robin : Ive talked to many people over the years and have gotten great quotes that helped me formulate ideas about how I wanted to do this .
0	(I; wanted; to do this)	I	wanted	to do this	Robin : Ive talked to many people over the years and have gotten great quotes that helped me formulate ideas about how I wanted to do this .
0	(I; wanted to do; this)	I	wanted to do	this	Robin : Ive talked to many people over the years and have gotten great quotes that helped me formulate ideas about how I wanted to do this .
0	(Ive; talked; to many people; over the years)	Ive	talked	to many people; over the years	Robin : Ive talked to many people over the years and have gotten great quotes that helped me formulate ideas about how I wanted to do this .
1	(Ronald Reagan; was in office; when I turned 22 , yikes)	Ronald Reagan	was in office	when I turned 22 , yikes	Ronald Reagan was in office when I turned 22 , yikes .
1	(Ronald Reagan; was; in office)	Ronald Reagan	was	in office	Ronald Reagan was in office when I turned 22 , yikes .
0	(I; turned; 22)	I	turned	22	Ronald Reagan was in office when I turned 22 , yikes .
0	(I; turned 22; yikes)	I	turned 22	yikes	Ronald Reagan was in office when I turned 22 , yikes .
1	(Services; will be held; Monday)	Services	will be held	Monday	Services will be held Monday at 2 pm in Johnson 's United Methodist Church , Johnsontown .
1	(Services; will be held; at 2 pm)	Services	will be held	at 2 pm	Services will be held Monday at 2 pm in Johnson 's United Methodist Church , Johnsontown .
1	(Services; will be held; in Johnson 's United Methodist Church)	Services	will be held	in Johnson 's United Methodist Church	Services will be held Monday at 2 pm in Johnson 's United Methodist Church , Johnsontown .
1	(Sharon; took a nipple down hard; in her mouth)	Sharon	took a nipple down hard	in her mouth	Sharon took a nipple in her mouth and bit down hard until her Amateur Very Young Family Incest were Black Family Incest grinding together .
1	(India , Pakistan , and Israel; have developed; nuclear weapons)	India , Pakistan , and Israel	have developed	nuclear weapons	Since that time , India , Pakistan , and Israel have developed nuclear weapons , but are not NPT member states .
1	(India , Pakistan , and Israel; are not; NPT member states)	India , Pakistan , and Israel	are not	NPT member states	Since that time , India , Pakistan , and Israel have developed nuclear weapons , but are not NPT member states .
1	(So many mind-bending things; happened; in those twelve months)	So many mind-bending things	happened	in those twelve months	So many mind-bending things happened in those twelve months that it must have seemed like the end of days at the time : Hitler becomes Fuhrer .
0	(mind; bending; things)	mind	bending	things	So many mind-bending things happened in those twelve months that it must have seemed like the end of days at the time : Hitler becomes Fuhrer .
1	(Hitler; becomes; Fuhrer)	Hitler	becomes	Fuhrer	So many mind-bending things happened in those twelve months that it must have seemed like the end of days at the time : Hitler becomes Fuhrer .
0	(the best; would go; with Mitsubishi)	the best	would go	with Mitsubishi	Sony is the best but i would go with Mitsubishi if thoose were your only 2 options .
0	(Sony; is; the best but i would go with Mitsubishi)	Sony	is	the best but i would go with Mitsubishi	Sony is the best but i would go with Mitsubishi if thoose were your only 2 options .
0	(thoose; were; your only 2 options)	thoose	were	your only 2 options	Sony is the best but i would go with Mitsubishi if thoose were your only 2 options .
1	(Spam , flooding , advertisem ents , chain letters , pyramid schemes , and solicitati ons; are also forbidden on; this forum)	Spam , flooding , advertisem ents , chain letters , pyramid schemes , and solicitati ons	are also forbidden on	this forum	Spam , flooding , advertisem ents , chain letters , pyramid schemes , and solicitati ons are also forbidden on this forum .
1	(Surviving; are; his wife , Alma Mariani Wood , three sons , a daughter and six grandchildren)	Surviving	are	his wife , Alma Mariani Wood , three sons , a daughter and six grandchildren	Surviving are his wife , Alma Mariani Wood , three sons , a daughter and six grandchildren .
1	(Chris Bosh; scored; 23 points)	Chris Bosh	scored	23 points	TORONTO -- Chris Bosh scored 23 points and hauled down nine rebounds to lead the Toronto Raptors to an 86-83 NBA pre-season victory over Italian powerhouse Benetton Treviso on Wednesday .
1	(Chris Bosh; hauled; nine rebounds)	Chris Bosh	hauled	nine rebounds	TORONTO -- Chris Bosh scored 23 points and hauled down nine rebounds to lead the Toronto Raptors to an 86-83 NBA pre-season victory over Italian powerhouse Benetton Treviso on Wednesday .
0	(Chris Bosh; hauled nine rebounds; down)	Chris Bosh	hauled nine rebounds	down	TORONTO -- Chris Bosh scored 23 points and hauled down nine rebounds to lead the Toronto Raptors to an 86-83 NBA pre-season victory over Italian powerhouse Benetton Treviso on Wednesday .
1	(Chris Bosh; hauled nine rebounds; to lead the Toronto Raptors to an 86-83 NBA pre-season victory over Italian powerhouse Benetton Treviso on Wednesday)	Chris Bosh	hauled nine rebounds	to lead the Toronto Raptors to an 86-83 NBA pre-season victory over Italian powerhouse Benetton Treviso on Wednesday	TORONTO -- Chris Bosh scored 23 points and hauled down nine rebounds to lead the Toronto Raptors to an 86-83 NBA pre-season victory over Italian powerhouse Benetton Treviso on Wednesday .
1	(Taxis; wait; outside the terminal)	Taxis	wait	outside the terminal	Taxis wait outside the terminal , an average fare to Malaga costing in the region of 15 EUR.
1	(Taxis; cost; 20)	Taxis	cost	20	Taxis wait outside the terminals and typically cost 20 to the hotel .
1	(Taxis; wait; outside the terminals)	Taxis	wait	outside the terminals	Taxis wait outside the terminals and typically cost 20 to the hotel .
1	(That; 's; why Scotland voted for devolution)	That	's	why Scotland voted for devolution	That 's why Scotland voted for devolution .
1	(Scotland; voted; for devolution)	Scotland	voted	for devolution	That 's why Scotland voted for devolution .
0	(That; is; why Hillary is the frontrunner)	That	is	why Hillary is the frontrunner	That is why Hillary is the frontrunner .
1	(Hillary; is; the frontrunner)	Hillary	is	the frontrunner	That is why Hillary is the frontrunner .
1	(The Angels; won; the World Series)	The Angels	won	the World Series	The Angels won the World Series in 2002 and are contending in the American League West .
1	(The Angels; won the World Series; in 2002)	The Angels	won the World Series	in 2002	The Angels won the World Series in 2002 and are contending in the American League West .
1	(The Angels; are contending; in the American League West)	The Angels	are contending	in the American League West	The Angels won the World Series in 2002 and are contending in the American League West .
0	(I; era; Office of Strategic Services and small post-war intelligence organizations)	I	era	Office of Strategic Services and small post-war intelligence organizations	The CIA was established in 1947 through the National Security Act , as part of the wider informational system which grew out of World War I I era Office of Strategic Services and small post-war intelligence organizations .
1	(The CIA; was established; in 1947)	The CIA	was established	in 1947	The CIA was established in 1947 through the National Security Act , as part of the wider informational system which grew out of World War I I era Office of Strategic Services and small post-war intelligence organizations .
1	(the wider informational system; grew; out of World War I)	the wider informational system	grew	out of World War I	The CIA was established in 1947 through the National Security Act , as part of the wider informational system which grew out of World War I I era Office of Strategic Services and small post-war intelligence organizations .
1	(The Company; has; offices in Jersey City , New York , Los Angeles , Chicago , Denver and Boston)	The Company	has	offices in Jersey City , New York , Los Angeles , Chicago , Denver and Boston	The Company has offices in Jersey City , New York , Los Angeles , Chicago , Denver and Boston .
1	(The Dow; fell 200 points; after earnings ratings slumped and concerns grew over the mortgage market)	The Dow	fell 200 points	after earnings ratings slumped and concerns grew over the mortgage market	The Dow fell 200 points after earnings ratings slumped and concerns grew over the mortgage market .
1	(The Dow; fell; 200 points)	The Dow	fell	200 points	The Dow fell 200 points after earnings ratings slumped and concerns grew over the mortgage market .
1	(earnings ratings; slumped; )	earnings ratings	slumped		The Dow fell 200 points after earnings ratings slumped and concerns grew over the mortgage market .
1	(concerns; grew; over the mortgage market)	concerns	grew	over the mortgage market	The Dow fell 200 points after earnings ratings slumped and concerns grew over the mortgage market .
1	(The MDC OneCard and OneAccount; are brought to you; by a team)	The MDC OneCard and OneAccount	are brought to you	by a team	The MDC OneCard and OneAccount are brought to you by a team that includes Miami Dade College and Higher One .
1	(a team; includes; Miami Dade College and Higher One)	a team	includes	Miami Dade College and Higher One	The MDC OneCard and OneAccount are brought to you by a team that includes Miami Dade College and Higher One .
1	(The MDC OneCard and OneAccount; are brought; to you)	The MDC OneCard and OneAccount	are brought	to you	The MDC OneCard and OneAccount are brought to you by a team that includes Miami Dade College and Higher One .
1	(The President-Elect; shall perform the duties of the President; in the absence of the President and such other duties)	The President-Elect	shall perform the duties of the President	in the absence of the President and such other duties	The President-Elect shall perform the duties of the President in the absence of the President and such other duties as disclosed herein or assigned by the President or the Board of Directors .
1	(The President-Elect; shall perform; the duties of the President)	The President-Elect	shall perform	the duties of the President	The President-Elect shall perform the duties of the President in the absence of the President and such other duties as disclosed herein or assigned by the President or the Board of Directors .
1	(The President-Elect; shall perform the duties of the President; as disclosed herein or assigned by the President or the Board of Directors)	The President-Elect	shall perform the duties of the President	as disclosed herein or assigned by the President or the Board of Directors	The President-Elect shall perform the duties of the President in the absence of the President and such other duties as disclosed herein or assigned by the President or the Board of Directors .
1	(The Rainforest Site; will preserve; 2290.0 sq)	The Rainforest Site	will preserve	2290.0 sq	The Rainforest Site will preserve 2290.0 sq .
1	(The South Island; is; the largest land mass)	The South Island	is	the largest land mass	The South Island is the largest land mass , and is divided along its length by the Southern Alps , the highest peak of which is Aoraki/Mount Cook , at 3,754 metres .
1	(The South Island; is divided; along its length by the Southern Alps)	The South Island	is divided	along its length by the Southern Alps	The South Island is the largest land mass , and is divided along its length by the Southern Alps , the highest peak of which is Aoraki/Mount Cook , at 3,754 metres .
1	(The album; was; a hit in Europe and Asia)	The album	was	a hit in Europe and Asia	The album was a hit in Europe and Asia , and was released in the United States in 1987 .
1	(The album; was released; in the United States)	The album	was released	in the United States	The album was a hit in Europe and Asia , and was released in the United States in 1987 .
1	(The album; was released; in 1987)	The album	was released	in 1987	The album was a hit in Europe and Asia , and was released in the United States in 1987 .
1	(The album; was a hit in; Europe and Asia)	The album	was a hit in	Europe and Asia	The album was a hit in Europe and Asia , and was released in the United States in 1987 .
1	(The company; employs; over 350 people)	The company	employs	over 350 people	The company employs over 350 people and has offices in Calgary , Alberta , the United States , the United Kingdom , Australia , and the United Arab Emirates .
1	(The company; has; offices in Calgary , Alberta , the United States , the United Kingdom , Australia , and the United Arab Emirates)	The company	has	offices in Calgary , Alberta , the United States , the United Kingdom , Australia , and the United Arab Emirates	The company employs over 350 people and has offices in Calgary , Alberta , the United States , the United Kingdom , Australia , and the United Arab Emirates .
1	(The company; is headquartered; with major R&amp:D and manufacturing facilities; in Belgium)	The company	is headquartered	with major R&amp:D and manufacturing facilities; in Belgium	The company is headquartered in Belgium , with major R&amp;D and manufacturing facilities located across Europe , the USA and Asia .
1	(major R&amp:D and manufacturing facilities; located; across Europe)	major R&amp:D and manufacturing facilities	located	across Europe	The company is headquartered in Belgium , with major R&amp;D and manufacturing facilities located across Europe , the USA and Asia .
1	(The company; is headquartered; in San Antonio)	The company	is headquartered	in San Antonio	The company is headquartered in San Antonio , Tex .
1	(The couple; moved; to Colorado)	The couple	moved	to Colorado	The couple moved to Colorado the same year they wed .
1	(The couple; moved to Colorado; the same year they wed)	The couple	moved to Colorado	the same year they wed	The couple moved to Colorado the same year they wed .
1	(they; wed; the same year)	they	wed	the same year	The couple moved to Colorado the same year they wed .
1	(The date; was; Septe mber 27)	The date	was	Septe mber 27	The date was Septe mber 27 , 1853 In h is deposition to the magistrate Robert Howe described how he came to be wounded .
0	(In h; is; deposition to the magistrate)	In h	is	deposition to the magistrate	The date was Septe mber 27 , 1853 In h is deposition to the magistrate Robert Howe described how he came to be wounded .
1	(The event; is; open to all)	The event	is	open to all	The event is open to all , though the conference language is English .
1	(the conference language; is; English)	the conference language	is	English	The event is open to all , though the conference language is English .
0	(The film; stars; )	The film	stars		The film , winner of the Grand Prix at the recent Cannes Film Festival , stars Bill Murray , Jeffrey Wright , Jessica Lange , Sharon Stone , Francis Conroy , Tilda Swinton and Chloe Sevigny .
1	(The film; stars Christina Ricci; in the title role)	The film	stars Christina Ricci	in the title role	The film stars Christina Ricci in the title role .
1	(The film; stars; Will Ferrell , Eva Mendes , Owen Wilson and Luke Wilson)	The film	stars	Will Ferrell , Eva Mendes , Owen Wilson and Luke Wilson	The film stars Will Ferrell , Eva Mendes , Owen Wilson and Luke Wilson .
1	(The film; was produced; by Albert R. Broccoli and Harry Saltzman)	The film	was produced	by Albert R. Broccoli and Harry Saltzman	The film was produced by Albert R. Broccoli and Harry Saltzman and was made by EON Productions .
1	(The film; was made; by EON Productions)	The film	was made	by EON Productions	The film was produced by Albert R. Broccoli and Harry Saltzman and was made by EON Productions .
1	(The films; was shot; in LA and New York)	The films	was shot	in LA and New York	The films was shot in LA and New York and premiered at the prestigious Sundance Film Festival .
1	(The films; premiered; at the prestigious Sundance Film Festival)	The films	premiered	at the prestigious Sundance Film Festival	The films was shot in LA and New York and premiered at the prestigious Sundance Film Festival .
1	(The main London to Newcastle train operator; is; GNER)	The main London to Newcastle train operator	is	GNER	The main London to Newcastle train operator is GNER and has a minimum journey see all whispers on pogo between Newcastle and London of Careless whispers wham hours and Whisper live evanescence minutes .
1	(The main London to Newcastle train operator; has; a minimum journey)	The main London to Newcastle train operator	has	a minimum journey	The main London to Newcastle train operator is GNER and has a minimum journey see all whispers on pogo between Newcastle and London of Careless whispers wham hours and Whisper live evanescence minutes .
1	(The others; are; Ohio , Pennsylvania , Minnesota and New Mexico)	The others	are	Ohio , Pennsylvania , Minnesota and New Mexico	The others are Ohio , Pennsylvania , Minnesota and New Mexico .
1	(The program; starts; in September)	The program	starts	in September	The program starts in September and the first block of sessions in the US is already booked .
1	(The states; included; Connecticut , Missouri , New Mexico and Oregon)	The states	included	Connecticut , Missouri , New Mexico and Oregon	The states included Connecticut , Missouri , New Mexico and Oregon .
1	(The study; was conducted; in South Africa , India and the United States)	The study	was conducted	in South Africa , India and the United States	The study was conducted in South Africa , India and the United States .
1	(The tour; kicks off; in San Francisco)	The tour	kicks off	in San Francisco	The tour kicks off in San Francisco on April 12 and wraps up June 14 at the Honda Center in Anaheim .
1	(The tour; kicks off; on April 12)	The tour	kicks off	on April 12	The tour kicks off in San Francisco on April 12 and wraps up June 14 at the Honda Center in Anaheim .
1	(The tour; wraps up at the Honda Center in Anaheim; )	The tour	wraps up at the Honda Center in Anaheim		The tour kicks off in San Francisco on April 12 and wraps up June 14 at the Honda Center in Anaheim .
1	(The tour; wraps up; June 14)	The tour	wraps up	June 14	The tour kicks off in San Francisco on April 12 and wraps up June 14 at the Honda Center in Anaheim .
1	(The tour; wraps up; at the Honda Center in Anaheim)	The tour	wraps up	at the Honda Center in Anaheim	The tour kicks off in San Francisco on April 12 and wraps up June 14 at the Honda Center in Anaheim .
1	(The tour; wraps up at the Honda Center in Anaheim; June 14)	The tour	wraps up at the Honda Center in Anaheim	June 14	The tour kicks off in San Francisco on April 12 and wraps up June 14 at the Honda Center in Anaheim .
1	(The unit; deployed; to Iraq)	The unit	deployed	to Iraq	The unit deployed to Iraq in January to assist with stability and security operations there .
1	(The unit; deployed; in January)	The unit	deployed	in January	The unit deployed to Iraq in January to assist with stability and security operations there .
1	(The unit; deployed; to assist with stability and security operations there)	The unit	deployed	to assist with stability and security operations there	The unit deployed to Iraq in January to assist with stability and security operations there .
1	(The unit; deployed to assist; with stability and security operations)	The unit	deployed to assist	with stability and security operations	The unit deployed to Iraq in January to assist with stability and security operations there .
1	(The unit; deployed to assist with stability and security operations; there)	The unit	deployed to assist with stability and security operations	there	The unit deployed to Iraq in January to assist with stability and security operations there .
1	(These Terms and Conditions; shall be governed; by the laws of England and the parties here by submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts)	These Terms and Conditions	shall be governed	by the laws of England and the parties here by submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts	These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the laws of England and the parties here by submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts .
1	(the parties here by; submit; to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts)	the parties here by	submit	to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts	These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the laws of England and the parties here by submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts .
1	(These states; are; Massachusetts , Virginia , North Carolina , Georgia , Arizona , Nevada , Oregon and Washington)	These states	are	Massachusetts , Virginia , North Carolina , Georgia , Arizona , Nevada , Oregon and Washington	These states are Massachusetts , Virginia , North Carolina , Georgia , Arizona , Nevada , Oregon and Washington .
1	(They; do not want; Earthlings to know that life exists on Mars)	They	do not want	Earthlings to know that life exists on Mars	They do not want Earthlings to know that life exists on Mars .
0	(Earthlings; to know; that life exists on Mars)	Earthlings	to know	that life exists on Mars	They do not want Earthlings to know that life exists on Mars .
1	(life; exists; on Mars)	life	exists	on Mars	They do not want Earthlings to know that life exists on Mars .
1	(Things; go; up and down)	Things	go	up and down	Things go up and down , but fundamentally the Republicans have the majority .
1	(fundamentally the Republicans; have; the majority)	fundamentally the Republicans	have	the majority	Things go up and down , but fundamentally the Republicans have the majority .
1	(This entry; was posted; on December 19)	This entry	was posted	on December 19	This entry was posted on December 19 , 2006 at 7:05 pm and is filed under Life , Lists , Luck and Religion .
1	(This entry; is filed; under Life , Lists , Luck and Religion)	This entry	is filed	under Life , Lists , Luck and Religion	This entry was posted on December 19 , 2006 at 7:05 pm and is filed under Life , Lists , Luck and Religion .
1	(This entry; was posted; on February 22)	This entry	was posted	on February 22	This entry was posted on February 22 , 2006 at 4:15 pm and is filed under Uncategorized .
1	(This entry; is filed; under Uncategorized)	This entry	is filed	under Uncategorized	This entry was posted on February 22 , 2006 at 4:15 pm and is filed under Uncategorized .
1	(This entry; was posted; on January 25)	This entry	was posted	on January 25	This entry was posted on January 25 , 2006 at 12:19 am and is filed under .
1	(Those states; are; Alabama , California , Connecticut , Delaware , Georgia , Illinois , Louisiana , New York , Oklahoma , Pennsylvania , Tennessee , and Utah)	Those states	are	Alabama , California , Connecticut , Delaware , Georgia , Illinois , Louisiana , New York , Oklahoma , Pennsylvania , Tennessee , and Utah	Those states are Alabama , California , Connecticut , Delaware , Georgia , Illinois , Louisiana , New York , Oklahoma , Pennsylvania , Tennessee , and Utah .
1	(Tickets; are; $ 10 for children)	Tickets	are	$ 10 for children	Tickets are $ 10 for children and under 12 and $ 24 to $ 36 and are available from the Center for the Arts Box Office located at the corner of Osler and Cross Campus drives .
1	(Tickets; are; available from the Center for the Arts Box Office)	Tickets	are	available from the Center for the Arts Box Office	Tickets are $ 10 for children and under 12 and $ 24 to $ 36 and are available from the Center for the Arts Box Office located at the corner of Osler and Cross Campus drives .
1	(the Arts Box Office; located; at the corner of Osler and Cross Campus)	the Arts Box Office	located	at the corner of Osler and Cross Campus	Tickets are $ 10 for children and under 12 and $ 24 to $ 36 and are available from the Center for the Arts Box Office located at the corner of Osler and Cross Campus drives .
1	(Tickets; are $ 10 for; children)	Tickets	are $ 10 for	children	Tickets are $ 10 for children and under 12 and $ 24 to $ 36 and are available from the Center for the Arts Box Office located at the corner of Osler and Cross Campus drives .
1	(Topics; include; banking , interest application , budgeting , taxes , statistics , discounts and commissions , comparison shopping , percent , insurance , annuities , and stocks and bonds)	Topics	include	banking , interest application , budgeting , taxes , statistics , discounts and commissions , comparison shopping , percent , insurance , annuities , and stocks and bonds	Topics include banking , interest application , budgeting , taxes , statistics , discounts and commissions , comparison shopping , percent , insurance , annuities , and stocks and bonds .
1	(Topics; include; financial management , personal development , parenting , relationships , career development , and wellness and nutrition)	Topics	include	financial management , personal development , parenting , relationships , career development , and wellness and nutrition	Topics include financial management , personal development , parenting , relationships , career development , and wellness and nutrition .
1	(Tours; are offered; on the hour)	Tours	are offered	on the hour	Tours are offered on the hour at 10 and 11 am 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 pm F ri .-Sun .
1	(Tours; are offered; at 10 and 11)	Tours	are offered	at 10 and 11	Tours are offered on the hour at 10 and 11 am 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 pm F ri .-Sun .
1	(Turkey; is; a NATO ally)	Turkey	is	a NATO ally	Turkey is a NATO ally , while Iran is an undeclared enemy .
1	(Iran; is; an undeclared enemy)	Iran	is	an undeclared enemy	Turkey is a NATO ally , while Iran is an undeclared enemy .
1	(Users; can submit online; links)	Users	can submit online	links	Users can submit links online , where they can be quickly reviewed by the site administrator and published .
1	(Users; can submit online links; where they can be quickly reviewed by the site administrator and published)	Users	can submit online links	where they can be quickly reviewed by the site administrator and published	Users can submit links online , where they can be quickly reviewed by the site administrator and published .
0	(they; can be quickly reviewed; by the site administrator)	they	can be quickly reviewed	by the site administrator	Users can submit links online , where they can be quickly reviewed by the site administrator and published .
0	(they; published; )	they	published		Users can submit links online , where they can be quickly reviewed by the site administrator and published .
1	(Vehicle; located; in Orange City)	Vehicle	located	in Orange City	Vehicle located in Orange City , FL .
0	(Venus; is the hottest planet because; it)	Venus	is the hottest planet because	it	Venus is the hottest planet because it 's atmosphere is in a runaway greenhouse state .
1	(Verizon; offers; DSL service)	Verizon	offers	DSL service	Verizon offers DSL service at two tiers of connection speeds , as does AT&amp;T .
1	(Verizon; offers DSL service; at two tiers of connection speeds)	Verizon	offers DSL service	at two tiers of connection speeds	Verizon offers DSL service at two tiers of connection speeds , as does AT&amp;T .
1	(the interface; even was at; every page change)	the interface	even was at	every page change	We had to consistently decline , even though the interface was in English at every page change .
1	(the interface; even was in; English)	the interface	even was in	English	We had to consistently decline , even though the interface was in English at every page change .
0	(We; had; )	We	had		We had to consistently decline , even though the interface was in English at every page change .
0	(We; to consistently decline; )	We	to consistently decline		We had to consistently decline , even though the interface was in English at every page change .
0	(the interface; even was; in English)	the interface	even was	in English	We had to consistently decline , even though the interface was in English at every page change .
0	(the interface; even was in English; at every page change)	the interface	even was in English	at every page change	We had to consistently decline , even though the interface was in English at every page change .
0	(Dave; When got; home from work)	Dave	When got	home from work	When Dave got home from work we started it .
0	(we; started; it)	we	started	it	When Dave got home from work we started it .
1	(Dave; got; home from work)	Dave	got	home from work	When Dave got home from work we started it .
0	(we; started it; When Dave got home from work)	we	started it	When Dave got home from work	When Dave got home from work we started it .
1	(the Japanese; to take military control of French colonies; in Indochina)	the Japanese	to take military control of French colonies	in Indochina	When France fell to Germany , the Japanese moved quickly to take military control of French colonies in Indochina .
1	(the Japanese; moved quickly; to take military control of French colonies in Indochina)	the Japanese	moved quickly	to take military control of French colonies in Indochina	When France fell to Germany , the Japanese moved quickly to take military control of French colonies in Indochina .
1	(the Japanese; to take; military control of French colonies)	the Japanese	to take	military control of French colonies	When France fell to Germany , the Japanese moved quickly to take military control of French colonies in Indochina .
1	(the Japanese; moved quickly; When France fell to Germany)	the Japanese	moved quickly	When France fell to Germany	When France fell to Germany , the Japanese moved quickly to take military control of French colonies in Indochina .
1	(France; fell; to Germany)	France	fell	to Germany	When France fell to Germany , the Japanese moved quickly to take military control of French colonies in Indochina .
1	(Google; acquired; Urchin)	Google	acquired	Urchin	When Google acquired Urchin earlier this year , they were charging $ 495 for those who wanted to use the service .
1	(Google; acquired Urchin; earlier this year)	Google	acquired Urchin	earlier this year	When Google acquired Urchin earlier this year , they were charging $ 495 for those who wanted to use the service .
0	(they; were charging; $ 495)	they	were charging	$ 495	When Google acquired Urchin earlier this year , they were charging $ 495 for those who wanted to use the service .
0	(they; were charging $ 495; for those)	they	were charging $ 495	for those	When Google acquired Urchin earlier this year , they were charging $ 495 for those who wanted to use the service .
0	(they; were charging $ 495; When Google acquired Urchin earlier this year)	they	were charging $ 495	When Google acquired Urchin earlier this year	When Google acquired Urchin earlier this year , they were charging $ 495 for those who wanted to use the service .
0	(those; wanted; to use the service)	those	wanted	to use the service	When Google acquired Urchin earlier this year , they were charging $ 495 for those who wanted to use the service .
0	(those; wanted to use; the service)	those	wanted to use	the service	When Google acquired Urchin earlier this year , they were charging $ 495 for those who wanted to use the service .
1	(Nintendo; When was; king)	Nintendo	When was	king	When Nintendo was king you got rad prizes .
0	(you; got; rad prizes)	you	got	rad prizes	When Nintendo was king you got rad prizes .
1	(Nintendo; was; king)	Nintendo	was	king	When Nintendo was king you got rad prizes .
0	(you; got rad prizes; When Nintendo was king)	you	got rad prizes	When Nintendo was king	When Nintendo was king you got rad prizes .
0	(it; was composed; of developing countries)	it	was composed	of developing countries	When OPEC was formed in 1960 it was composed of developing countries that were heavily reliant on oil revenues as their main source of income .
0	(it; was composed of developing countries; When OPEC was formed in 1960)	it	was composed of developing countries	When OPEC was formed in 1960	When OPEC was formed in 1960 it was composed of developing countries that were heavily reliant on oil revenues as their main source of income .
1	(OPEC; was formed; in 1960)	OPEC	was formed	in 1960	When OPEC was formed in 1960 it was composed of developing countries that were heavily reliant on oil revenues as their main source of income .
1	(Paul; wrote; the book of Romans)	Paul	wrote	the book of Romans	When Paul wrote the book of Romans , many Jews felt they could be righteous by keeping the Law of Moses .
1	(many Jews; felt; they could be righteous by keeping the Law of Moses; When Paul wrote the book of Romans)	many Jews	felt	they could be righteous by keeping the Law of Moses; When Paul wrote the book of Romans	When Paul wrote the book of Romans , many Jews felt they could be righteous by keeping the Law of Moses .
0	(they; could be; righteous)	they	could be	righteous	When Paul wrote the book of Romans , many Jews felt they could be righteous by keeping the Law of Moses .
1	(Rahab; hid; the spies)	Rahab	hid	the spies	When Rahab hid the spies , she sided with Israel against her own people , which was an act of treason !
0	(she; sided; with Israel)	she	sided	with Israel	When Rahab hid the spies , she sided with Israel against her own people , which was an act of treason !
0	(she; sided with Israel; against her own people)	she	sided with Israel	against her own people	When Rahab hid the spies , she sided with Israel against her own people , which was an act of treason !
0	(she; sided with Israel; When Rahab hid the spies)	she	sided with Israel	When Rahab hid the spies	When Rahab hid the spies , she sided with Israel against her own people , which was an act of treason !
0	(her own people; was; an act of treason)	her own people	was	an act of treason	When Rahab hid the spies , she sided with Israel against her own people , which was an act of treason !
0	(which; was an act of; treason)	which	was an act of	treason	When Rahab hid the spies , she sided with Israel against her own people , which was an act of treason !
1	(Scripture; lists; two names for the baby)	Scripture	lists	two names for the baby	When the angel appeared to Joseph in order to reassure him about taking Mary as his wife , Scripture lists two names for the baby that would be born : Jesus and Immanuel .
1	(the baby; would be born; )	the baby	would be born		When the angel appeared to Joseph in order to reassure him about taking Mary as his wife , Scripture lists two names for the baby that would be born : Jesus and Immanuel .
1	(the angel; appeared; to Joseph)	the angel	appeared	to Joseph	When the angel appeared to Joseph in order to reassure him about taking Mary as his wife , Scripture lists two names for the baby that would be born : Jesus and Immanuel .
0	(the angel; appeared; in order)	the angel	appeared	in order	When the angel appeared to Joseph in order to reassure him about taking Mary as his wife , Scripture lists two names for the baby that would be born : Jesus and Immanuel .
0	(it; Why failed; to ratify the Kyoto Accord and Americans)	it	Why failed	to ratify the Kyoto Accord and Americans	Why because it failed to ratify the Kyoto Accord and Americans support Israel blindly , among other infractions .
0	(it; to ratify; the Kyoto Accord and Americans)	it	to ratify	the Kyoto Accord and Americans	Why because it failed to ratify the Kyoto Accord and Americans support Israel blindly , among other infractions .
1	(the Kyoto Accord and Americans; support blindly; Israel)	the Kyoto Accord and Americans	support blindly	Israel	Why because it failed to ratify the Kyoto Accord and Americans support Israel blindly , among other infractions .
1	(the Kyoto Accord and Americans; support blindly Israel; among other infractions)	the Kyoto Accord and Americans	support blindly Israel	among other infractions	Why because it failed to ratify the Kyoto Accord and Americans support Israel blindly , among other infractions .
1	(Windows Media and Windows Logo; are; trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries)	Windows Media and Windows Logo	are	trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries	Windows Media and Windows Logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries .
1	(Zimbabwe; became; independent)	Zimbabwe	became	independent	Zimbabwe became independent in 1980 .
1	(Zimbabwe; became independent; in 1980)	Zimbabwe	became independent	in 1980	Zimbabwe became independent in 1980 .
0	(8&lt ;/D&gt ; /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Eli Lilly and Company; announced; today)	8&lt ;/D&gt ; /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Eli Lilly and Company	announced	today	8&lt ;/D&gt ; /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Eli Lilly and Company announced today that the US 1/8 /08 - Millipore and Gen-Probe Launch First Real-Time Test for Detecting Microbial Contamination in Biopharmaceutical Applications Pharmaceutical Writers/Business Editors BILLERICA , Mass .
1	(8&lt :/D&gt : /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Eli Lilly and Company; announced; today)	8&lt :/D&gt : /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Eli Lilly and Company	announced	today	8&lt ;/D&gt ; /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Eli Lilly and Company announced today that the US 1/8 /08 - Millipore and Gen-Probe Launch First Real-Time Test for Detecting Microbial Contamination in Biopharmaceutical Applications Pharmaceutical Writers/Business Editors BILLERICA , Mass .
1	(A multi-layered glam-rock epic; tracing; the rise and fall of a mythical rock star)	A multi-layered glam-rock epic	tracing	the rise and fall of a mythical rock star	A multi-layered glam-rock epic tracing the rise and fall of a mythical rock star , the film starred Ewan McGregor , Jonathan Rhys Meyers , Toni Collette , Christian Bale and Eddie Izzard .
1	(A multi-layered glam-rock epic tracing the rise and fall of a mythical rock star; starred; Ewan McGregor , Jonathan Rhys Meyers , Toni Collette , Christian Bale and Eddie Izzard)	A multi-layered glam-rock epic tracing the rise and fall of a mythical rock star	starred	Ewan McGregor , Jonathan Rhys Meyers , Toni Collette , Christian Bale and Eddie Izzard	A multi-layered glam-rock epic tracing the rise and fall of a mythical rock star , the film starred Ewan McGregor , Jonathan Rhys Meyers , Toni Collette , Christian Bale and Eddie Izzard .
1	(Elvis Presley; died; in 1977)	Elvis Presley	died	in 1977	According to the San Francisco Chronicle When Elvis Presley died in 1977 , there were an estimated 37 Elvis impersonators in the world .
0	(there; were an estimated 37 Elvis impersonators in; the world)	there	were an estimated 37 Elvis impersonators in	the world	According to the San Francisco Chronicle When Elvis Presley died in 1977 , there were an estimated 37 Elvis impersonators in the world .
0	(he; named; after himself)	he	named	after himself	After Constantine came to power in the fourth century , there was not only the dramatic change of the Empire becoming Christian , but he founded a City he named after himself , Constantinople .
0	(he; founded; a City)	he	founded	a City	After Constantine came to power in the fourth century , there was not only the dramatic change of the Empire becoming Christian , but he founded a City he named after himself , Constantinople .
1	(Taylor; died; in office)	Taylor	died	in office	After a life of rigorous service , Taylor died in office in 1850 .
1	(Taylor; died; in 1850)	Taylor	died	in 1850	After a life of rigorous service , Taylor died in office in 1850 .
1	(Taylor; died; After a life of rigorous service)	Taylor	died	After a life of rigorous service	After a life of rigorous service , Taylor died in office in 1850 .
0	(I; to take a taxi; to get my car)	I	to take a taxi	to get my car	Alex was at work so I had to take a taxi to get my car .
0	(I; to take to get; my car)	I	to take to get	my car	Alex was at work so I had to take a taxi to get my car .
1	(Alex; was; at work)	Alex	was	at work	Alex was at work so I had to take a taxi to get my car .
0	(I; to take; a taxi)	I	to take	a taxi	Alex was at work so I had to take a taxi to get my car .
0	(I; to take a taxi to get; my car)	I	to take a taxi to get	my car	Alex was at work so I had to take a taxi to get my car .
1	(they; can help you; with any travel related assistance)	they	can help you	with any travel related assistance	All staff speaks English and they can usually help you with any travel related assistance that you need from anywhere in Japan .
1	(All staff; speaks; English)	All staff	speaks	English	All staff speaks English and they can usually help you with any travel related assistance that you need from anywhere in Japan .
0	(they; can help; you; with any travel related assistance; usually)	they	can help	you; with any travel related assistance; usually	All staff speaks English and they can usually help you with any travel related assistance that you need from anywhere in Japan .
0	(any travel; related; )	any travel	related		All staff speaks English and they can usually help you with any travel related assistance that you need from anywhere in Japan .
0	(any travel related assistance; need; )	any travel related assistance	need		All staff speaks English and they can usually help you with any travel related assistance that you need from anywhere in Japan .
0	(they; can help; you)	they	can help	you	All staff speaks English and they can usually help you with any travel related assistance that you need from anywhere in Japan .
0	(they; can help you; usually)	they	can help you	usually	All staff speaks English and they can usually help you with any travel related assistance that you need from anywhere in Japan .
0	(any travel; related; )	any travel	related		All staff speaks English and they can usually help you with any travel related assistance that you need from anywhere in Japan .
0	(any travel related assistance; need; )	any travel related assistance	need		All staff speaks English and they can usually help you with any travel related assistance that you need from anywhere in Japan .
1	(the site; is in; Portuguese)	the site	is in	Portuguese	Although the site is in Portuguese , do n't be thrown off .
0	('s disease; is the leading cause of; dementia)	's disease	is the leading cause of	dementia	Alzheimer 's disease is the leading cause of dementia in the United States , and the number of Americans with Alzheimer 's could quadruple within 50 years , unless we find ways to prevent it .
0	(we; find to prevent; it)	we	find to prevent	it	Alzheimer 's disease is the leading cause of dementia in the United States , and the number of Americans with Alzheimer 's could quadruple within 50 years , unless we find ways to prevent it .
0	(we; find; ways to prevent it)	we	find	ways to prevent it	Alzheimer 's disease is the leading cause of dementia in the United States , and the number of Americans with Alzheimer 's could quadruple within 50 years , unless we find ways to prevent it .
1	(the number of Americans with Alzheimer 's; could quadruple; within 50 years)	the number of Americans with Alzheimer 's	could quadruple	within 50 years	Alzheimer 's disease is the leading cause of dementia in the United States , and the number of Americans with Alzheimer 's could quadruple within 50 years , unless we find ways to prevent it .
1	(Alzheimer 's disease; is; the leading cause of dementia in the United States)	Alzheimer 's disease	is	the leading cause of dementia in the United States	Alzheimer 's disease is the leading cause of dementia in the United States , and the number of Americans with Alzheimer 's could quadruple within 50 years , unless we find ways to prevent it .
1	(Amenities; include; two telephones , High Speed Internet Access , daily newspaper delivery , complimentary coffee and tea station , and special business amenities)	Amenities	include	two telephones , High Speed Internet Access , daily newspaper delivery , complimentary coffee and tea station , and special business amenities	Amenities include two telephones , High Speed Internet Access , daily newspaper delivery , complimentary coffee and tea station , and special business amenities .
0	(I; do n't think; he would run as one if he was alive today)	I	do n't think	he would run as one if he was alive today	And , while Abraham Lincoln was a Republican , I do n't think he would run as one if he was alive today .
0	(he; would run; as one)	he	would run	as one	And , while Abraham Lincoln was a Republican , I do n't think he would run as one if he was alive today .
0	(he; was alive; today)	he	was alive	today	And , while Abraham Lincoln was a Republican , I do n't think he would run as one if he was alive today .
1	(Abraham Lincoln; was; a Republican)	Abraham Lincoln	was	a Republican	And , while Abraham Lincoln was a Republican , I do n't think he would run as one if he was alive today .
0	(he; was; alive)	he	was	alive	And , while Abraham Lincoln was a Republican , I do n't think he would run as one if he was alive today .
1	(Sarah; saw; the son of Hagar)	Sarah	saw	the son of Hagar	And Sarah saw the son of Hagar .
1	(Voldemort; killed; Harry 's parents)	Voldemort	killed	Harry 's parents	And Voldemort killed Harry 's parents with Avada Kedavra , the only known survivor ever of which is Harry himself .
1	(Avada Kedavra; is; Harry)	Avada Kedavra	is	Harry	And Voldemort killed Harry 's parents with Avada Kedavra , the only known survivor ever of which is Harry himself .
1	(Yahoo; even bought; Flickr)	Yahoo	even bought	Flickr	And even after Yahoo bought Flickr , no one is really hyped about it .
0	(he; 'd be; here)	he	'd be	here	And if he could , he 'd be here , but heaven 's just too far You see he was a firefighter and died just this past year When airplanes hit the towers and taught Americans to fear .
0	(airplanes; taught to fear; )	airplanes	taught to fear		And if he could , he 'd be here , but heaven 's just too far You see he was a firefighter and died just this past year When airplanes hit the towers and taught Americans to fear .
1	(airplanes; hit; the towers)	airplanes	hit	the towers	And if he could , he 'd be here , but heaven 's just too far You see he was a firefighter and died just this past year When airplanes hit the towers and taught Americans to fear .
1	(heaven; 's just; too far)	heaven	's just	too far	And if he could , he 'd be here , but heaven 's just too far You see he was a firefighter and died just this past year When airplanes hit the towers and taught Americans to fear .
0	(he; was; a firefighter)	he	was	a firefighter	And if he could , he 'd be here , but heaven 's just too far You see he was a firefighter and died just this past year When airplanes hit the towers and taught Americans to fear .
0	(he; died; just this past year)	he	died	just this past year	And if he could , he 'd be here , but heaven 's just too far You see he was a firefighter and died just this past year When airplanes hit the towers and taught Americans to fear .
0	(he; died; When airplanes hit the towers and taught Americans to fear)	he	died	When airplanes hit the towers and taught Americans to fear	And if he could , he 'd be here , but heaven 's just too far You see he was a firefighter and died just this past year When airplanes hit the towers and taught Americans to fear .
1	(airplanes; taught Americans; to fear)	airplanes	taught Americans	to fear	And if he could , he 'd be here , but heaven 's just too far You see he was a firefighter and died just this past year When airplanes hit the towers and taught Americans to fear .
0	(airplanes; taught; Americans)	airplanes	taught	Americans	And if he could , he 'd be here , but heaven 's just too far You see he was a firefighter and died just this past year When airplanes hit the towers and taught Americans to fear .
0	(You; see; )	You	see		And if he could , he 'd be here , but heaven 's just too far You see he was a firefighter and died just this past year When airplanes hit the towers and taught Americans to fear .
0	(Americans; to fear; )	Americans	to fear		And if he could , he 'd be here , but heaven 's just too far You see he was a firefighter and died just this past year When airplanes hit the towers and taught Americans to fear .
1	(20 rebounds; to lead; Washington 's 108-104 overtime win against Toronto)	20 rebounds	to lead	Washington 's 108-104 overtime win against Toronto	Antawn Jamison scored 24 points and grabbed 20 rebounds to lead Washington 's 108-104 overtime win against Toronto .
1	(Antawn Jamison; scored; 24 points)	Antawn Jamison	scored	24 points	Antawn Jamison scored 24 points and grabbed 20 rebounds to lead Washington 's 108-104 overtime win against Toronto .
1	(Antawn Jamison; grabbed 20 rebounds; to lead Washington 's 108-104 overtime win against Toronto)	Antawn Jamison	grabbed 20 rebounds	to lead Washington 's 108-104 overtime win against Toronto	Antawn Jamison scored 24 points and grabbed 20 rebounds to lead Washington 's 108-104 overtime win against Toronto .
1	(Antawn Jamison; grabbed; 20 rebounds)	Antawn Jamison	grabbed	20 rebounds	Antawn Jamison scored 24 points and grabbed 20 rebounds to lead Washington 's 108-104 overtime win against Toronto .
1	(the Solomon Amendment; regulates; conduct)	the Solomon Amendment	regulates	conduct	As a general matter , the Solomon Amendment regulates conduct , not speech .
1	(China; ceded Taiwan; in 1895)	China	ceded Taiwan	in 1895	As par t of th e surrender agreement , China ceded Taiwan to Japan in 1895 .
1	(China; ceded Taiwan; to Japan)	China	ceded Taiwan	to Japan	As par t of th e surrender agreement , China ceded Taiwan to Japan in 1895 .
1	(China; ceded; Taiwan)	China	ceded	Taiwan	As par t of th e surrender agreement , China ceded Taiwan to Japan in 1895 .
1	(Cyprus; adopted; the Euro)	Cyprus	adopted	the Euro	As you may know , Cyprus adopted the Euro as of Jan .
0	(you; may know; )	you	may know		As you may know , Cyprus adopted the Euro as of Jan .
1	(the firm; has; offices in California , New York , London , and Brussels)	the firm	has	offices in California , New York , London , and Brussels	Based in Washington , DC , the firm also has offices in California , New York , London , and Brussels .
1	(people; should not eat; Peter Pan)	people	should not eat	Peter Pan	Because of a possible association with Salmonella , the FDA has issued a warning that people should not eat Peter Pan .
1	(the FDA; has issued; a warning that people should not eat Peter Pan)	the FDA	has issued	a warning that people should not eat Peter Pan	Because of a possible association with Salmonella , the FDA has issued a warning that people should not eat Peter Pan .
1	(he; was fighting; at the Battle of Milvian Bridge)	he	was fighting	at the Battle of Milvian Bridge	Before Constantine became Emperor , he was fighting for the throne at the Battle of Milvian Bridge .
1	(Constantine; became; Emperor)	Constantine	became	Emperor	Before Constantine became Emperor , he was fighting for the throne at the Battle of Milvian Bridge .
0	(he; was fighting; for the throne)	he	was fighting	for the throne	Before Constantine became Emperor , he was fighting for the throne at the Battle of Milvian Bridge .
0	(he; was fighting for the throne; at the Battle of Milvian Bridge)	he	was fighting for the throne	at the Battle of Milvian Bridge	Before Constantine became Emperor , he was fighting for the throne at the Battle of Milvian Bridge .
0	(he; was fighting for the throne; Before Constantine became Emperor)	he	was fighting for the throne	Before Constantine became Emperor	Before Constantine became Emperor , he was fighting for the throne at the Battle of Milvian Bridge .
1	(Benazir Bhutto; was prime minister of; Pakistan)	Benazir Bhutto	was prime minister of	Pakistan	Benazir Bhutto was prime minister of Pakistan in the 1990s .
1	(Benazir Bhutto; was; prime minister of Pakistan)	Benazir Bhutto	was	prime minister of Pakistan	Benazir Bhutto was prime minister of Pakistan in the 1990s .
0	(it; would n't let; me)	it	would n't let	me	Blogger had problems last night &amp; as I did my blog hopping I noticed everyones pictures were missing so I held off uploading in case it would n't let me !
0	(I; noticed; everyones pictures were missing)	I	noticed	everyones pictures were missing	Blogger had problems last night &amp; as I did my blog hopping I noticed everyones pictures were missing so I held off uploading in case it would n't let me !
0	(I; did my blog; hopping)	I	did my blog	hopping	Blogger had problems last night &amp; as I did my blog hopping I noticed everyones pictures were missing so I held off uploading in case it would n't let me !
0	(I; held off uploading; in case)	I	held off uploading	in case	Blogger had problems last night &amp; as I did my blog hopping I noticed everyones pictures were missing so I held off uploading in case it would n't let me !
0	(Blogger; had problems; last night &amp)	Blogger	had problems	last night &amp	Blogger had problems last night &amp; as I did my blog hopping I noticed everyones pictures were missing so I held off uploading in case it would n't let me !
0	(I; held off; )	I	held off		Blogger had problems last night &amp; as I did my blog hopping I noticed everyones pictures were missing so I held off uploading in case it would n't let me !
0	(I; did; my blog)	I	did	my blog	Blogger had problems last night &amp; as I did my blog hopping I noticed everyones pictures were missing so I held off uploading in case it would n't let me !
0	(I; did my blog hopping; )	I	did my blog hopping		Blogger had problems last night &amp; as I did my blog hopping I noticed everyones pictures were missing so I held off uploading in case it would n't let me !
0	(I; noticed everyones pictures were missing; as I did my blog hopping)	I	noticed everyones pictures were missing	as I did my blog hopping	Blogger had problems last night &amp; as I did my blog hopping I noticed everyones pictures were missing so I held off uploading in case it would n't let me !
1	(Blogger; had; problems)	Blogger	had	problems	Blogger had problems last night &amp; as I did my blog hopping I noticed everyones pictures were missing so I held off uploading in case it would n't let me !
1	(everyones pictures; were missing; )	everyones pictures	were missing		Blogger had problems last night &amp; as I did my blog hopping I noticed everyones pictures were missing so I held off uploading in case it would n't let me !
1	(Brands; include; Hugo Boss , Gucci , Dolce &amp)	Brands	include	Hugo Boss , Gucci , Dolce &amp	Brands include Hugo Boss , Gucci , Dolce &amp; Gabbana , Chanel , Calvin Klein , Jean Paul Gaultier and many more .
1	(Britain; had lost; an empire)	Britain	had lost	an empire	Britain had lost an empire but gained a commonwealth , which in 1953 at the present Queen 's coronation supplied hundreds of colourful troops and personalities to process around the nation 's capital .
1	(Britain; gained; a commonwealth , which in 1953 at the present Queen 's coronation supplied hundreds of colourful troops and personalities to process around the nation 's capital)	Britain	gained	a commonwealth , which in 1953 at the present Queen 's coronation supplied hundreds of colourful troops and personalities to process around the nation 's capital	Britain had lost an empire but gained a commonwealth , which in 1953 at the present Queen 's coronation supplied hundreds of colourful troops and personalities to process around the nation 's capital .
1	(Burial; will be; in Bethel Cemetery)	Burial	will be	in Bethel Cemetery	Burial will be in Bethel Cemetery near here .
1	(Burial; will be in Bethel Cemetery; near here)	Burial	will be in Bethel Cemetery	near here	Burial will be in Bethel Cemetery near here .
1	(Bush; claimed; Iraq had weapons of mass destruction)	Bush	claimed	Iraq had weapons of mass destruction	Bush claimed Iraq had weapons of mass destruction .
1	(Iraq; had; weapons of mass destruction)	Iraq	had	weapons of mass destruction	Bush claimed Iraq had weapons of mass destruction .
0	(he; lost; it)	he	lost	it	Bush won New Mexico by only a squeak in 2004 , and he lost it i n 20 00 .
1	(Bush; won New Mexico; in 2004)	Bush	won New Mexico	in 2004	Bush won New Mexico by only a squeak in 2004 , and he lost it i n 20 00 .
1	(Bush; won; New Mexico)	Bush	won	New Mexico	Bush won New Mexico by only a squeak in 2004 , and he lost it i n 20 00 .
1	(a priest; has sexually abused; a minor)	a priest	has sexually abused	a minor	But USA TODAY reported this week that 89 % of Catholics surveyed last week said a priest who has sexually abused a minor also should be removed from the priesthood , or defrocked .
0	(USA TODAY; reported that 89 % of Catholics surveyed last week said a priest who has sexually abused a minor also should be removed from the priesthood , or defrocked; )	USA TODAY	reported that 89 % of Catholics surveyed last week said a priest who has sexually abused a minor also should be removed from the priesthood , or defrocked		But USA TODAY reported this week that 89 % of Catholics surveyed last week said a priest who has sexually abused a minor also should be removed from the priesthood , or defrocked .
1	(a priest who has sexually abused a minor; should be removed; from the priesthood)	a priest who has sexually abused a minor	should be removed	from the priesthood	But USA TODAY reported this week that 89 % of Catholics surveyed last week said a priest who has sexually abused a minor also should be removed from the priesthood , or defrocked .
0	(Catholics; surveyed; last week)	Catholics	surveyed	last week	But USA TODAY reported this week that 89 % of Catholics surveyed last week said a priest who has sexually abused a minor also should be removed from the priesthood , or defrocked .
1	(89 % of Catholics; said; a priest who has sexually abused a minor also should be removed from the priesthood , or defrocked)	89 % of Catholics	said	a priest who has sexually abused a minor also should be removed from the priesthood , or defrocked	But USA TODAY reported this week that 89 % of Catholics surveyed last week said a priest who has sexually abused a minor also should be removed from the priesthood , or defrocked .
1	(USA TODAY; reported; that 89 % of Catholics surveyed last week said a priest who has sexually abused a minor also should be removed from the priesthood , or defrocked)	USA TODAY	reported	that 89 % of Catholics surveyed last week said a priest who has sexually abused a minor also should be removed from the priesthood , or defrocked	But USA TODAY reported this week that 89 % of Catholics surveyed last week said a priest who has sexually abused a minor also should be removed from the priesthood , or defrocked .
0	(USA TODAY; reported that 89 % of Catholics surveyed last week said a priest who has sexually abused a minor also should be removed from the priesthood , or defrocked; this week)	USA TODAY	reported that 89 % of Catholics surveyed last week said a priest who has sexually abused a minor also should be removed from the priesthood , or defrocked	this week	But USA TODAY reported this week that 89 % of Catholics surveyed last week said a priest who has sexually abused a minor also should be removed from the priesthood , or defrocked .
1	(Rome; adopted; Christianity)	Rome	adopted	Christianity	But after Rome adopted Christianity , the organ died out .
1	(the organ; died out; after Rome adopted Christianity)	the organ	died out	after Rome adopted Christianity	But after Rome adopted Christianity , the organ died out .
1	(Charlie; does; something completely different)	Charlie	does	something completely different	But then Charlie does something completely different .
0	(Charlie; does something completely different; then)	Charlie	does something completely different	then	But then Charlie does something completely different .
1	(Hurricane Katrina; struck the Gulf Coast; in 2005)	Hurricane Katrina	struck the Gulf Coast	in 2005	But when Hurricane Katrina struck the Gulf Coast in 2005 , the new departments shortcomings were revealed , leading to a reorganization .
1	(But when Hurricane Katrina struck the Gulf Coast in 2005 , the new departments shortcomings were revealed; leading; to a reorganization)	But when Hurricane Katrina struck the Gulf Coast in 2005 , the new departments shortcomings were revealed	leading	to a reorganization	But when Hurricane Katrina struck the Gulf Coast in 2005 , the new departments shortcomings were revealed , leading to a reorganization .
1	(Hurricane Katrina; struck; the Gulf Coast)	Hurricane Katrina	struck	the Gulf Coast	But when Hurricane Katrina struck the Gulf Coast in 2005 , the new departments shortcomings were revealed , leading to a reorganization .
0	(shortcomings; were revealed; )	shortcomings	were revealed		But when Hurricane Katrina struck the Gulf Coast in 2005 , the new departments shortcomings were revealed , leading to a reorganization .
0	(he; to dispense; with opinion)	he	to dispense	with opinion	By the time Clinton had been in office for eight months he appeared ready to dispense with opinion and thought entirely .
0	(he; thought entirely; By the time)	he	thought entirely	By the time	By the time Clinton had been in office for eight months he appeared ready to dispense with opinion and thought entirely .
0	(he; appeared; ready to dispense with opinion)	he	appeared	ready to dispense with opinion	By the time Clinton had been in office for eight months he appeared ready to dispense with opinion and thought entirely .
0	(he; appeared; By the time)	he	appeared	By the time	By the time Clinton had been in office for eight months he appeared ready to dispense with opinion and thought entirely .
1	(Clinton; had been; in office)	Clinton	had been	in office	By the time Clinton had been in office for eight months he appeared ready to dispense with opinion and thought entirely .
1	(Clinton; had been in office; for eight months)	Clinton	had been in office	for eight months	By the time Clinton had been in office for eight months he appeared ready to dispense with opinion and thought entirely .
0	(Clinton; had been in office; the time)	Clinton	had been in office	the time	By the time Clinton had been in office for eight months he appeared ready to dispense with opinion and thought entirely .
0	(she; ca n't compete; with her)	she	ca n't compete	with her	Callie tells Izzie she ca n't compete with her : George gets her .
0	(Callie; tells she ca n't compete with her; )	Callie	tells she ca n't compete with her		Callie tells Izzie she ca n't compete with her : George gets her .
0	(George; gets; her)	George	gets	her	Callie tells Izzie she ca n't compete with her : George gets her .
0	(Callie; tells; Izzie)	Callie	tells	Izzie	Callie tells Izzie she ca n't compete with her : George gets her .
0	(Callie; tells Izzie; she ca n't compete with her)	Callie	tells Izzie	she ca n't compete with her	Callie tells Izzie she ca n't compete with her : George gets her .
1	(Canadians; speak; English)	Canadians	speak	English	Canadians speak English ; Americans do too .
0	(Americans; do too; )	Americans	do too		Canadians speak English ; Americans do too .
1	(China; annexed Tibet; in 1950)	China	annexed Tibet	in 1950	China annexed Tibet by force in 1950 .
1	(China; annexed; Tibet)	China	annexed	Tibet	China annexed Tibet by force in 1950 .
1	(Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger; is elected; pope)	Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger	is elected	pope	Choosing the name Benedict XVI , Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger is elected pope .
1	(Chris and his wife; have; a son)	Chris and his wife	have	a son	Chris and his wife Kasey have a son , Christian .
1	(Christmas; was; a blur there)	Christmas	was	a blur there	Christmas was a blur there !
1	(Clients; included; EMC^2 , Lucent , Southwestern Bell Corporation , and Novell)	Clients	included	EMC^2 , Lucent , Southwestern Bell Corporation , and Novell	Clients included EMC^2 , Lucent , Southwestern Bell Corporation , and Novell .
1	(Complimentary amenities; include; local calls and wireless Internet access)	Complimentary amenities	include	local calls and wireless Internet access	Complimentary amenities include local calls and wireless Internet access .
1	(Countries represented; included; Bangladesh , China , India , Indonesia , Israel , Italy , Japan , Malaysia , Myanmar , Philippines , Thailand , Turkey , and Vietnam)	Countries represented	included	Bangladesh , China , India , Indonesia , Israel , Italy , Japan , Malaysia , Myanmar , Philippines , Thailand , Turkey , and Vietnam	Countries represented included Bangladesh , China , India , Indonesia , Israel , Italy , Japan , Malaysia , Myanmar , Philippines , Thailand , Turkey , and Vietnam .
1	(Countries; represented included; Bangladesh , China , India , Indonesia , Israel , Italy , Japan , Malaysia , Myanmar , Philippines , Thailand , Turkey , and Vietnam)	Countries	represented included	Bangladesh , China , India , Indonesia , Israel , Italy , Japan , Malaysia , Myanmar , Philippines , Thailand , Turkey , and Vietnam	Countries represented included Bangladesh , China , India , Indonesia , Israel , Italy , Japan , Malaysia , Myanmar , Philippines , Thailand , Turkey , and Vietnam .
0	(Countries; represented; )	Countries	represented		Countries represented included Bangladesh , China , India , Indonesia , Israel , Italy , Japan , Malaysia , Myanmar , Philippines , Thailand , Turkey , and Vietnam .
1	(Courses; begin; in September)	Courses	begin	in September	Courses begin in September and finish end of May .
1	(Courses; finish; end of May)	Courses	finish	end of May	Courses begin in September and finish end of May .
1	(the Timberwolves; have lost; nine of the last 10 road games)	the Timberwolves	have lost	nine of the last 10 road games	Craig Smith scored 30 points and grabbed 10 rebounds and Al Jefferson had 23 points and 15 rebounds for the Timberwolves who have lost nine of the last 10 road games .
1	(Craig Smith; grabbed; 10 rebounds and Al Jefferson)	Craig Smith	grabbed	10 rebounds and Al Jefferson	Craig Smith scored 30 points and grabbed 10 rebounds and Al Jefferson had 23 points and 15 rebounds for the Timberwolves who have lost nine of the last 10 road games .
1	(Customers; include; all the RBOCs)	Customers	include	all the RBOCs	Customers include all the RBOCs , GTE , British Telecom , Australia Telecom , Bell Canada , BC Tel , the US Military and many independent telcos .
1	(Danny; fell in love; in 2004)	Danny	fell in love	in 2004	Danny fell in love with Kathy 's energy , sense of humor and undying loyalty in 2004 and subsequently came to appreciate the charms of the Australian Cattle Dogs .
1	(Danny; fell; in love)	Danny	fell	in love	Danny fell in love with Kathy 's energy , sense of humor and undying loyalty in 2004 and subsequently came to appreciate the charms of the Australian Cattle Dogs .
1	(David; goes; to school)	David	goes	to school	David goes to school .
1	(Marylands # 1 Tire Company; has immediate opportunities for; the right individuals)	Marylands # 1 Tire Company	has immediate opportunities for	the right individuals	Details : Marylands # 1 Tire Company , Mr. Tire , has immediate opportunities for the right individuals .
0	(Pullen LLP; delivers; audit)	Pullen LLP	delivers	audit	Details : McGladrey &amp; Pullen LLP delivers audit and attest services .
0	(Pullen LLP; attest; services)	Pullen LLP	attest	services	Details : McGladrey &amp; Pullen LLP delivers audit and attest services .
0	(the show; is 19+ /; $ 5)	the show	is 19+ /	$ 5	Doors are at 9pm and the show is 19+ / $ 5 .
1	(Doors; are; at 9pm)	Doors	are	at 9pm	Doors are at 9pm and the show is 19+ / $ 5 .
1	(the show; is; $ 5)	the show	is	$ 5	Doors are at 9pm and the show is 19+ / $ 5 .
1	(El Salvador; consists of one of the largest populations in that Region; with approximately 6.9 million people)	El Salvador	consists of one of the largest populations in that Region	with approximately 6.9 million people	El Salvador is located in Central America and consists of one of the largest populations in that Region , with approximately 6.9 million people .
1	(El Salvador; is located; in Central America)	El Salvador	is located	in Central America	El Salvador is located in Central America and consists of one of the largest populations in that Region , with approximately 6.9 million people .
1	(El Salvador; consists; of one of the largest populations in that Region)	El Salvador	consists	of one of the largest populations in that Region	El Salvador is located in Central America and consists of one of the largest populations in that Region , with approximately 6.9 million people .
1	(Charles II; [is] son of; Charles I.)	Charles II	[is] son of	Charles I.	England became a republic and in 1660 a new Parliament was installed under Charles II , son of Charles I. The Stuart line continued to rule England and Scotland until Anne Stuart , who became Queen in 1702 .
1	(England; became; a republic)	England	became	a republic	England became a republic and in 1660 a new Parliament was installed under Charles II , son of Charles I. The Stuart line continued to rule England and Scotland until Anne Stuart , who became Queen in 1702 .
1	(Anne Stuart; became Queen; in 1702)	Anne Stuart	became Queen	in 1702	England became a republic and in 1660 a new Parliament was installed under Charles II , son of Charles I. The Stuart line continued to rule England and Scotland until Anne Stuart , who became Queen in 1702 .
0	(son of Charles I. The Stuart line; continued; to rule England and Scotland until Anne Stuart)	son of Charles I. The Stuart line	continued	to rule England and Scotland until Anne Stuart	England became a republic and in 1660 a new Parliament was installed under Charles II , son of Charles I. The Stuart line continued to rule England and Scotland until Anne Stuart , who became Queen in 1702 .
0	(son of Charles I. The Stuart line; continued to rule England and Scotland; until Anne Stuart)	son of Charles I. The Stuart line	continued to rule England and Scotland	until Anne Stuart	England became a republic and in 1660 a new Parliament was installed under Charles II , son of Charles I. The Stuart line continued to rule England and Scotland until Anne Stuart , who became Queen in 1702 .
1	(a new Parliament; was installed; under Charles II)	a new Parliament	was installed	under Charles II	England became a republic and in 1660 a new Parliament was installed under Charles II , son of Charles I. The Stuart line continued to rule England and Scotland until Anne Stuart , who became Queen in 1702 .
1	(a new Parliament; was installed under Charles II; in 1660)	a new Parliament	was installed under Charles II	in 1660	England became a republic and in 1660 a new Parliament was installed under Charles II , son of Charles I. The Stuart line continued to rule England and Scotland until Anne Stuart , who became Queen in 1702 .
1	(Anne Stuart; became; Queen)	Anne Stuart	became	Queen	England became a republic and in 1660 a new Parliament was installed under Charles II , son of Charles I. The Stuart line continued to rule England and Scotland until Anne Stuart , who became Queen in 1702 .
1	(son of Charles I. The Stuart line; continued to rule; England and Scotland)	son of Charles I. The Stuart line	continued to rule	England and Scotland	England became a republic and in 1660 a new Parliament was installed under Charles II , son of Charles I. The Stuart line continued to rule England and Scotland until Anne Stuart , who became Queen in 1702 .
0	(she; remembers; her real mother)	she	remembers	her real mother	Entry When Luke asks Leia if she remembers her real mother , she says yes , and that she died when Leia was very young .
1	(she; died; when Leia was very young)	she	died	when Leia was very young	Entry When Luke asks Leia if she remembers her real mother , she says yes , and that she died when Leia was very young .
0	(she; says; yes)	she	says	yes	Entry When Luke asks Leia if she remembers her real mother , she says yes , and that she died when Leia was very young .
0	(Luke; asks if she remembers her real mother; )	Luke	asks if she remembers her real mother		Entry When Luke asks Leia if she remembers her real mother , she says yes , and that she died when Leia was very young .
1	(Luke; asks; Leia)	Luke	asks	Leia	Entry When Luke asks Leia if she remembers her real mother , she says yes , and that she died when Leia was very young .
1	(Luke; asks Leia; if she remembers her real mother)	Luke	asks Leia	if she remembers her real mother	Entry When Luke asks Leia if she remembers her real mother , she says yes , and that she died when Leia was very young .
0	(she; says yes; When Luke asks Leia)	she	says yes	When Luke asks Leia	Entry When Luke asks Leia if she remembers her real mother , she says yes , and that she died when Leia was very young .
1	(Leia; was; very young)	Leia	was	very young	Entry When Luke asks Leia if she remembers her real mother , she says yes , and that she died when Leia was very young .
1	(the bread and wine; are the body and blood of; Christ)	the bread and wine	are the body and blood of	Christ	Eucharist-The elements of the communion supper where the bread and wine are the body and blood of Christ .
1	(the bread and wine; are; the body and blood of Christ)	the bread and wine	are	the body and blood of Christ	Eucharist-The elements of the communion supper where the bread and wine are the body and blood of Christ .
1	(the workers of Opar; to mine; the gold)	the workers of Opar	to mine	the gold	Ever since Atlantis sank beneath the waves , the workers of Opar have continued to mine the gold .
1	(the workers of Opar; have continued; Ever since Atlantis sank beneath the waves)	the workers of Opar	have continued	Ever since Atlantis sank beneath the waves	Ever since Atlantis sank beneath the waves , the workers of Opar have continued to mine the gold .
1	(Atlantis; Ever sank; beneath the waves)	Atlantis	Ever sank	beneath the waves	Ever since Atlantis sank beneath the waves , the workers of Opar have continued to mine the gold .
1	(Exxon; merged with Mobil; in 1999)	Exxon	merged with Mobil	in 1999	Exxon merged with Mobil in 1999 and is now called ExxonMobil .
1	(Exxon; is called; ExxonMobil)	Exxon	is called	ExxonMobil	Exxon merged with Mobil in 1999 and is now called ExxonMobil .
1	(Exxon; merged; with Mobil)	Exxon	merged	with Mobil	Exxon merged with Mobil in 1999 and is now called ExxonMobil .
1	(Exxon; is called ExxonMobil; now)	Exxon	is called ExxonMobil	now	Exxon merged with Mobil in 1999 and is now called ExxonMobil .
0	(Filming; returning; to reprise their respective roles as Carrie , Samantha , Charlotte and Miranda)	Filming	returning	to reprise their respective roles as Carrie , Samantha , Charlotte and Miranda	Filming began in September with Sarah Jessica Parker , Kim Cattrall , Kristin Davis and Cynthia Nixon returning to reprise their respective roles as Carrie , Samantha , Charlotte and Miranda .
1	(Filming; began; in September)	Filming	began	in September	Filming began in September with Sarah Jessica Parker , Kim Cattrall , Kristin Davis and Cynthia Nixon returning to reprise their respective roles as Carrie , Samantha , Charlotte and Miranda .
1	(Filming; began; with Sarah Jessica Parker , Kim Cattrall , Kristin Davis and Cynthia Nixon)	Filming	began	with Sarah Jessica Parker , Kim Cattrall , Kristin Davis and Cynthia Nixon	Filming began in September with Sarah Jessica Parker , Kim Cattrall , Kristin Davis and Cynthia Nixon returning to reprise their respective roles as Carrie , Samantha , Charlotte and Miranda .
1	(Filming; began with Sarah Jessica Parker , Kim Cattrall , Kristin Davis and Cynthia Nixon; in September)	Filming	began with Sarah Jessica Parker , Kim Cattrall , Kristin Davis and Cynthia Nixon	in September	Filming began in September with Sarah Jessica Parker , Kim Cattrall , Kristin Davis and Cynthia Nixon returning to reprise their respective roles as Carrie , Samantha , Charlotte and Miranda .
1	(Florence; is the capital of; Tuscany)	Florence	is the capital of	Tuscany	Florence is the capital of Tuscany and is at the heart of beautiful countryside famed for its traditions and cuisine .
1	(Florence; is; at the heart of beautiful countryside)	Florence	is	at the heart of beautiful countryside	Florence is the capital of Tuscany and is at the heart of beautiful countryside famed for its traditions and cuisine .
1	(Florence; is; the capital of Tuscany)	Florence	is	the capital of Tuscany	Florence is the capital of Tuscany and is at the heart of beautiful countryside famed for its traditions and cuisine .
1	(beautiful countryside; famed; for its traditions and cuisine)	beautiful countryside	famed	for its traditions and cuisine	Florence is the capital of Tuscany and is at the heart of beautiful countryside famed for its traditions and cuisine .
0	(Florist &amp; Gifts; also delivers Adams Funeral &amp; Memorial Care , Advent Funeral &amp; Cremation , Alzheimer 's Care , Annapolis Life Care Inc , Annapolis Memorial Gardens , Annapolis Nursing &amp; Rehab to; the following facilities)	Florist &amp; Gifts	also delivers Adams Funeral &amp; Memorial Care , Advent Funeral &amp; Cremation , Alzheimer 's Care , Annapolis Life Care Inc , Annapolis Memorial Gardens , Annapolis Nursing &amp; Rehab to	the following facilities	Florist &amp; Gifts also delivers to the following facilities : Adams Funeral &amp; Memorial Care , Advent Funeral &amp; Cremation , Alzheimer 's Care , Annapolis Life Care Inc , Annapolis Memorial Gardens , Annapolis Nursing &amp; Rehab .
0	(Florist &amp; Gifts; also delivers; Adams Funeral &amp; Memorial Care)	Florist &amp; Gifts	also delivers	Adams Funeral &amp; Memorial Care	Florist &amp; Gifts also delivers to the following facilities : Adams Funeral &amp; Memorial Care , Advent Funeral &amp; Cremation , Alzheimer 's Care , Annapolis Life Care Inc , Annapolis Memorial Gardens , Annapolis Nursing &amp; Rehab .
1	(Satan; fall; when he made his choice)	Satan	fall	when he made his choice	For Jesus saw Satan fall like lightning from the sky when he made his choice .
1	(Satan; fall; from the sky)	Satan	fall	from the sky	For Jesus saw Satan fall like lightning from the sky when he made his choice .
1	(Jesus; saw; Satan fall like lightning from the sky)	Jesus	saw	Satan fall like lightning from the sky	For Jesus saw Satan fall like lightning from the sky when he made his choice .
0	(he; made; his choice)	he	made	his choice	For Jesus saw Satan fall like lightning from the sky when he made his choice .
0	(Jesus; saw Satan fall like lightning from the sky; For)	Jesus	saw Satan fall like lightning from the sky	For	For Jesus saw Satan fall like lightning from the sky when he made his choice .
0	(he; made choice; )	he	made choice		For Jesus saw Satan fall like lightning from the sky when he made his choice .
1	(Jesus; saw; Satan)	Jesus	saw	Satan	For Jesus saw Satan fall like lightning from the sky when he made his choice .
1	(Satan; fall like; lightning)	Satan	fall like	lightning	For Jesus saw Satan fall like lightning from the sky when he made his choice .
0	(you; dress up; his great 'achievements)	you	dress up	his great 'achievements	For all the spin and propaganda , life here is no better or worse than when Blair came to power , no matter how you dress up his great 'achievements ' .
1	(life here; is; no better or worse than)	life here	is	no better or worse than	For all the spin and propaganda , life here is no better or worse than when Blair came to power , no matter how you dress up his great 'achievements ' .
1	(Blair; came; to power)	Blair	came	to power	For all the spin and propaganda , life here is no better or worse than when Blair came to power , no matter how you dress up his great 'achievements ' .
1	(Suharto; [is] Former dictator [of]; Indonesian)	Suharto	[is] Former dictator [of]	Indonesian	Former Indonesian dictator Suharto moved his hands and spoke in a whisper today in what doctors called a miraculous recovery after more than two weeks on life support with multiple organ failure .
0	(doctors; in called; a miraculous recovery)	doctors	in called	a miraculous recovery	Former Indonesian dictator Suharto moved his hands and spoke in a whisper today in what doctors called a miraculous recovery after more than two weeks on life support with multiple organ failure .
0	(doctors; in called; after more than two weeks on life support)	doctors	in called	after more than two weeks on life support	Former Indonesian dictator Suharto moved his hands and spoke in a whisper today in what doctors called a miraculous recovery after more than two weeks on life support with multiple organ failure .
1	(Former Indonesian dictator Suharto; moved; his hands)	Former Indonesian dictator Suharto	moved	his hands	Former Indonesian dictator Suharto moved his hands and spoke in a whisper today in what doctors called a miraculous recovery after more than two weeks on life support with multiple organ failure .
1	(Former Indonesian dictator Suharto; spoke; in a whisper)	Former Indonesian dictator Suharto	spoke	in a whisper	Former Indonesian dictator Suharto moved his hands and spoke in a whisper today in what doctors called a miraculous recovery after more than two weeks on life support with multiple organ failure .
1	(Former Indonesian dictator Suharto; spoke; today)	Former Indonesian dictator Suharto	spoke	today	Former Indonesian dictator Suharto moved his hands and spoke in a whisper today in what doctors called a miraculous recovery after more than two weeks on life support with multiple organ failure .
1	(Former Indonesian dictator Suharto; spoke; in what doctors called a miraculous recovery after more than two weeks on life support with multiple organ failure)	Former Indonesian dictator Suharto	spoke	in what doctors called a miraculous recovery after more than two weeks on life support with multiple organ failure	Former Indonesian dictator Suharto moved his hands and spoke in a whisper today in what doctors called a miraculous recovery after more than two weeks on life support with multiple organ failure .
1	(doctors; called; a miraculous recovery)	doctors	called	a miraculous recovery	Former Indonesian dictator Suharto moved his hands and spoke in a whisper today in what doctors called a miraculous recovery after more than two weeks on life support with multiple organ failure .
1	(doctors; called a miraculous recovery; after more than two weeks on life support)	doctors	called a miraculous recovery	after more than two weeks on life support	Former Indonesian dictator Suharto moved his hands and spoke in a whisper today in what doctors called a miraculous recovery after more than two weeks on life support with multiple organ failure .
1	(the company; is headquartered; in Spokane , Washington)	the company	is headquartered	in Spokane , Washington	Founded in 1977 , the company is headquartered in Spokane , Washington .
0	(the company; is headquartered; Founded in 1977)	the company	is headquartered	Founded in 1977	Founded in 1977 , the company is headquartered in Spokane , Washington .
1	(Fred Thompson; is running for president; for one reason)	Fred Thompson	is running for president	for one reason	Fred Thompson is running for president for one reason and one reason only .
1	(Fred Thompson; is running; for president)	Fred Thompson	is running	for president	Fred Thompson is running for president for one reason and one reason only .
1	(Fred; is; the Best Choice)	Fred	is	the Best Choice	Fred is the Best Choice .
1	(Funeral service; will be at 1:30 pm; Saturday)	Funeral service	will be at 1:30 pm	Saturday	Funeral service will be at 1:30 pm Saturday at Kimple Funeral Chapel in Ellinwood , with the Rev. Larry Young officiating .
1	(Funeral service; will be at 1:30 pm; at Kimple Funeral Chapel in Ellinwood)	Funeral service	will be at 1:30 pm	at Kimple Funeral Chapel in Ellinwood	Funeral service will be at 1:30 pm Saturday at Kimple Funeral Chapel in Ellinwood , with the Rev. Larry Young officiating .
1	(Funeral service; will be; at 1:30 pm)	Funeral service	will be	at 1:30 pm	Funeral service will be at 1:30 pm Saturday at Kimple Funeral Chapel in Ellinwood , with the Rev. Larry Young officiating .
0	(the Rev. Larry Young; officiating; )	the Rev. Larry Young	officiating		Funeral service will be at 1:30 pm Saturday at Kimple Funeral Chapel in Ellinwood , with the Rev. Larry Young officiating .
1	(Gomebox; will be; the sole arbiter as to what constitutes a violation of the AUP)	Gomebox	will be	the sole arbiter as to what constitutes a violation of the AUP	Gomebox will be the sole arbiter as to what constitutes a violation of the AUP.
1	(Governor Sonny Perdue; announced a plan; today)	Governor Sonny Perdue	announced a plan	today	Governor Sonny Perdue announced today a plan .
1	(Governor Sonny Perdue; announced; a plan)	Governor Sonny Perdue	announced	a plan	Governor Sonny Perdue announced today a plan .
1	(the couple; have; three children)	the couple	have	three children	He is married to Donna , and the couple have three children , Ruth , Anna , and Samuel .
0	(He; is; married to Donna)	He	is	married to Donna	He is married to Donna , and the couple have three children , Ruth , Anna , and Samuel .
1	(Hermione; looked at Harry; again)	Hermione	looked at Harry	again	Hermione looked at Harry again , annoyed and perplexed .
1	(Hermione; looked; at Harry)	Hermione	looked	at Harry	Hermione looked at Harry again , annoyed and perplexed .
0	(my name; is; Cheryl and I)	my name	is	Cheryl and I	Hi , my name is Cheryl and I have a 9-year-old son who is high-functioning Autistic/Asperger 's/ADHD , diagnosed last year .
1	(Cheryl and I; have; a 9-year-old son who is high-functioning Autistic/Asperger 's/ADHD ,)	Cheryl and I	have	a 9-year-old son who is high-functioning Autistic/Asperger 's/ADHD ,	Hi , my name is Cheryl and I have a 9-year-old son who is high-functioning Autistic/Asperger 's/ADHD , diagnosed last year .
1	(a 9-year-old son; is; high-functioning Autistic/Asperger 's)	a 9-year-old son	is	high-functioning Autistic/Asperger 's	Hi , my name is Cheryl and I have a 9-year-old son who is high-functioning Autistic/Asperger 's/ADHD , diagnosed last year .
1	(high-functioning Autistic/Asperger 's; diagnosed; last year)	high-functioning Autistic/Asperger 's	diagnosed	last year	Hi , my name is Cheryl and I have a 9-year-old son who is high-functioning Autistic/Asperger 's/ADHD , diagnosed last year .
0	(my name; is; Suzanne)	my name	is	Suzanne	Hi my name is Suzanne , I 've having the same problem with my PC , no sound at all .
0	(I; 've having; the same problem with my PC)	I	've having	the same problem with my PC	Hi my name is Suzanne , I 've having the same problem with my PC , no sound at all .
1	(Hillary; is; a Liar)	Hillary	is	a Liar	Hillary is a Liar !
1	(Houston; is the fourth largest city in; the US)	Houston	is the fourth largest city in	the US	Houston is the fourth largest city in the US and growing .
1	(Houston; is; the fourth largest city in the US and growing)	Houston	is	the fourth largest city in the US and growing	Houston is the fourth largest city in the US and growing .
1	(China; to speed up; modernization of military)	China	to speed up	modernization of military	Hu says China to speed up modernization of military .
1	(Hu; says; China to speed up modernization of military)	Hu	says	China to speed up modernization of military	Hu says China to speed up modernization of military .
1	(their campaign; is thrown; into utter chaos)	their campaign	is thrown	into utter chaos	Huck wins IA , McCain wins NH , Romney wins MI and their campaign is thrown into utter chaos , with a down and dirty fight to the nomination .
1	(Romney; wins; MI and their campaign is thrown into utter chaos , with a down and dirty fight to the nomination)	Romney	wins	MI and their campaign is thrown into utter chaos , with a down and dirty fight to the nomination	Huck wins IA , McCain wins NH , Romney wins MI and their campaign is thrown into utter chaos , with a down and dirty fight to the nomination .
1	(Huck; wins; IA)	Huck	wins	IA	Huck wins IA , McCain wins NH , Romney wins MI and their campaign is thrown into utter chaos , with a down and dirty fight to the nomination .
1	(McCain; wins; NH)	McCain	wins	NH	Huck wins IA , McCain wins NH , Romney wins MI and their campaign is thrown into utter chaos , with a down and dirty fight to the nomination .
0	(I; dislike; this)	I	dislike	this	I Like this quote I dislike this quote Now the LORD had prepared a great fish to swallow up Jonah .
0	(I; Like; this)	I	Like	this	I Like this quote I dislike this quote Now the LORD had prepared a great fish to swallow up Jonah .
1	(the LORD; to swallow up; Jonah)	the LORD	to swallow up	Jonah	I Like this quote I dislike this quote Now the LORD had prepared a great fish to swallow up Jonah .
0	(I; believe; the Democrats won majorities largely on the basis of dissatisfaction with Republicans who acted like Democrats in terms of spending , deal-making and corruption)	I	believe	the Democrats won majorities largely on the basis of dissatisfaction with Republicans who acted like Democrats in terms of spending , deal-making and corruption	I believe the Democrats won majorities largely on the basis of dissatisfaction with Republicans who acted like Democrats in terms of spending , deal-making and corruption .
1	(Republicans; acted like Democrats; in terms of spending)	Republicans	acted like Democrats	in terms of spending	I believe the Democrats won majorities largely on the basis of dissatisfaction with Republicans who acted like Democrats in terms of spending , deal-making and corruption .
1	(the Democrats; won; majorities)	the Democrats	won	majorities	I believe the Democrats won majorities largely on the basis of dissatisfaction with Republicans who acted like Democrats in terms of spending , deal-making and corruption .
1	(Republicans; acted; like Democrats)	Republicans	acted	like Democrats	I believe the Democrats won majorities largely on the basis of dissatisfaction with Republicans who acted like Democrats in terms of spending , deal-making and corruption .
0	(I; love too; sports)	I	love too	sports	I love sports too , so Brett Favre is a great football player minus his 04-05 season , and Shaq is the man .
1	(Brett Favre; so is; a great football player minus his 04-05 season)	Brett Favre	so is	a great football player minus his 04-05 season	I love sports too , so Brett Favre is a great football player minus his 04-05 season , and Shaq is the man .
1	(Shaq; is; the man)	Shaq	is	the man	I love sports too , so Brett Favre is a great football player minus his 04-05 season , and Shaq is the man .
0	(I; noticed; that in Brody 's absence , Spencer told Heidi that she looked AMAZING on New Years)	I	noticed	that in Brody 's absence , Spencer told Heidi that she looked AMAZING on New Years	I noticed that in Brody 's absence , Spencer told Heidi that she looked AMAZING on New Years .
1	(she; looked AMAZING; on New Years)	she	looked AMAZING	on New Years	I noticed that in Brody 's absence , Spencer told Heidi that she looked AMAZING on New Years .
0	(Spencer; told that she looked AMAZING on New Years; )	Spencer	told that she looked AMAZING on New Years		I noticed that in Brody 's absence , Spencer told Heidi that she looked AMAZING on New Years .
1	(Spencer; told; Heidi)	Spencer	told	Heidi	I noticed that in Brody 's absence , Spencer told Heidi that she looked AMAZING on New Years .
1	(Spencer; told Heidi; that she looked AMAZING on New Years)	Spencer	told Heidi	that she looked AMAZING on New Years	I noticed that in Brody 's absence , Spencer told Heidi that she looked AMAZING on New Years .
1	(Spencer; told Heidi; in Brody 's absence)	Spencer	told Heidi	in Brody 's absence	I noticed that in Brody 's absence , Spencer told Heidi that she looked AMAZING on New Years .
0	(she; looked; AMAZING)	she	looked	AMAZING	I noticed that in Brody 's absence , Spencer told Heidi that she looked AMAZING on New Years .
0	(I; think; that is highly appropriate)	I	think	that is highly appropriate	I think that is highly appropriate , given the importance of these Games , Howard told parliament .
0	(that; is; highly appropriate)	that	is	highly appropriate	I think that is highly appropriate , given the importance of these Games , Howard told parliament .
1	(Howard; told; parliament)	Howard	told	parliament	I think that is highly appropriate , given the importance of these Games , Howard told parliament .
0	(I; had mentioned my book; previously)	I	had mentioned my book	previously	I was n't sure I had mentioned my book previously , but it was clear to me that she and Paul were friends .
0	(I; was n't; sure I had mentioned my book previously)	I	was n't	sure I had mentioned my book previously	I was n't sure I had mentioned my book previously , but it was clear to me that she and Paul were friends .
0	(I; had mentioned; my book)	I	had mentioned	my book	I was n't sure I had mentioned my book previously , but it was clear to me that she and Paul were friends .
0	(I; would never have done; that)	I	would never have done	that	I would never have done that , Beckham told reporters Monday , the Associated Press reported .
1	(Beckham; told; reporters)	Beckham	told	reporters	I would never have done that , Beckham told reporters Monday , the Associated Press reported .
1	(Beckham; told; Monday)	Beckham	told	Monday	I would never have done that , Beckham told reporters Monday , the Associated Press reported .
0	(I would never have done that , Beckham told reporters Monday; reported; )	I would never have done that , Beckham told reporters Monday	reported		I would never have done that , Beckham told reporters Monday , the Associated Press reported .
1	(Beckham; told reporters; Monday)	Beckham	told reporters	Monday	I would never have done that , Beckham told reporters Monday , the Associated Press reported .
1	(Germany; attacked; France)	Germany	attacked	France	In May 1940 , when Germany attacked France , Free Polish Forces prepared to defend Paris .
1	(Free Polish Forces; prepared; to defend Paris)	Free Polish Forces	prepared	to defend Paris	In May 1940 , when Germany attacked France , Free Polish Forces prepared to defend Paris .
1	(Free Polish Forces; prepared to defend; Paris)	Free Polish Forces	prepared to defend	Paris	In May 1940 , when Germany attacked France , Free Polish Forces prepared to defend Paris .
1	(Free Polish Forces; prepared to defend Paris; In May 1940)	Free Polish Forces	prepared to defend Paris	In May 1940	In May 1940 , when Germany attacked France , Free Polish Forces prepared to defend Paris .
1	(Free Polish Forces; prepared to defend Paris; when Germany attacked France)	Free Polish Forces	prepared to defend Paris	when Germany attacked France	In May 1940 , when Germany attacked France , Free Polish Forces prepared to defend Paris .
1	(that photograph; was taken; in 1993)	that photograph	was taken	in 1993	In fact , that photograph was taken in 1993 , when Kerry went to Vietnam as part of an official US delegation pursuing the POW/MIA issue .
1	(an official US delegation; pursuing; the POW/MIA issue)	an official US delegation	pursuing	the POW/MIA issue	In fact , that photograph was taken in 1993 , when Kerry went to Vietnam as part of an official US delegation pursuing the POW/MIA issue .
1	(Kerry; went; to Vietnam)	Kerry	went	to Vietnam	In fact , that photograph was taken in 1993 , when Kerry went to Vietnam as part of an official US delegation pursuing the POW/MIA issue .
1	(Kerry; went; 1993)	Kerry	went	1993	In fact , that photograph was taken in 1993 , when Kerry went to Vietnam as part of an official US delegation pursuing the POW/MIA issue .
1	(she; even insists; she loves Lucas)	she	even insists	she loves Lucas	In mid - October 2007 , even though she insists she loves Lucas , Sami asked Lucas for a divorce so that she could marry EJ and end the feud between the Bradys and the Dimera .
1	(she; loves; Lucas)	she	loves	Lucas	In mid - October 2007 , even though she insists she loves Lucas , Sami asked Lucas for a divorce so that she could marry EJ and end the feud between the Bradys and the Dimera .
1	(she; could marry; EJ)	she	could marry	EJ	In mid - October 2007 , even though she insists she loves Lucas , Sami asked Lucas for a divorce so that she could marry EJ and end the feud between the Bradys and the Dimera .
0	(Sami; asked for a divorce; )	Sami	asked for a divorce		In mid - October 2007 , even though she insists she loves Lucas , Sami asked Lucas for a divorce so that she could marry EJ and end the feud between the Bradys and the Dimera .
1	(she; end; the feud between the Bradys and the Dimera)	she	end	the feud between the Bradys and the Dimera	In mid - October 2007 , even though she insists she loves Lucas , Sami asked Lucas for a divorce so that she could marry EJ and end the feud between the Bradys and the Dimera .
1	(Sami; asked for a divorce; so that she could marry EJ and end the feud between the Bradys and the Dimera)	Sami	asked for a divorce	so that she could marry EJ and end the feud between the Bradys and the Dimera	In mid - October 2007 , even though she insists she loves Lucas , Sami asked Lucas for a divorce so that she could marry EJ and end the feud between the Bradys and the Dimera .
1	(Sami; asked; Lucas; for a divorce; so that she could marry EJ and end the feud between the Bradys and the Dimera; In mid - October 2007)	Sami	asked	Lucas; for a divorce; so that she could marry EJ and end the feud between the Bradys and the Dimera; In mid - October 2007	In mid - October 2007 , even though she insists she loves Lucas , Sami asked Lucas for a divorce so that she could marry EJ and end the feud between the Bradys and the Dimera .
1	(Iraq; had; ties to Al Qaeda)	Iraq	had	ties to Al Qaeda	In the beginning , we were going because Iraq had ties to Al Qaeda .
1	(David; meets Goliath; this year)	David	meets Goliath	this year	It 's David meets Goliath this year on the Washington Hospital Board of Directors , with two Libertarian would-be reformers Gwen Todd and Steve Strayer running against three incumbents .
0	(It; 's; David)	It	's	David	It 's David meets Goliath this year on the Washington Hospital Board of Directors , with two Libertarian would-be reformers Gwen Todd and Steve Strayer running against three incumbents .
1	(Gwen Todd and Steve Strayer; running; against three incumbents)	Gwen Todd and Steve Strayer	running	against three incumbents	It 's David meets Goliath this year on the Washington Hospital Board of Directors , with two Libertarian would-be reformers Gwen Todd and Steve Strayer running against three incumbents .
1	(David; meets Goliath; on the Washington Hospital Board of Directors)	David	meets Goliath	on the Washington Hospital Board of Directors	It 's David meets Goliath this year on the Washington Hospital Board of Directors , with two Libertarian would-be reformers Gwen Todd and Steve Strayer running against three incumbents .
0	(David; meets; Goliath)	David	meets	Goliath	It 's David meets Goliath this year on the Washington Hospital Board of Directors , with two Libertarian would-be reformers Gwen Todd and Steve Strayer running against three incumbents .
0	(It; is the time that; the sun)	It	is the time that	the sun	It is the time that the sun is directly over the equator and for people who live in North America , it 's the first day of fall .
0	(it; 's; the first day of fall)	it	's	the first day of fall	It is the time that the sun is directly over the equator and for people who live in North America , it 's the first day of fall .
1	(people; live; in North America)	people	live	in North America	It is the time that the sun is directly over the equator and for people who live in North America , it 's the first day of fall .
0	(It; is; the time that the sun is directly over the equator and for people)	It	is	the time that the sun is directly over the equator and for people	It is the time that the sun is directly over the equator and for people who live in North America , it 's the first day of fall .
1	(the sun; is directly; over the equator and for people)	the sun	is directly	over the equator and for people	It is the time that the sun is directly over the equator and for people who live in North America , it 's the first day of fall .
0	(the sun; is directly over the equator and for people; the time)	the sun	is directly over the equator and for people	the time	It is the time that the sun is directly over the equator and for people who live in North America , it 's the first day of fall .
0	(history; is bunk as; he)	history	is bunk as	he	It was Henry Ford who said history is bunk as he was busy reinventing American industry a century ago .
0	(he; reinventing; American industry)	he	reinventing	American industry	It was Henry Ford who said history is bunk as he was busy reinventing American industry a century ago .
0	(It; was; Henry Ford)	It	was	Henry Ford	It was Henry Ford who said history is bunk as he was busy reinventing American industry a century ago .
0	(history; is; bunk)	history	is	bunk	It was Henry Ford who said history is bunk as he was busy reinventing American industry a century ago .
0	(Henry Ford; said; history is bunk as he was busy reinventing American industry a century ago)	Henry Ford	said	history is bunk as he was busy reinventing American industry a century ago	It was Henry Ford who said history is bunk as he was busy reinventing American industry a century ago .
0	(he; was; busy reinventing American industry)	he	was	busy reinventing American industry	It was Henry Ford who said history is bunk as he was busy reinventing American industry a century ago .
0	(he; was busy reinventing American industry; a century ago)	he	was busy reinventing American industry	a century ago	It was Henry Ford who said history is bunk as he was busy reinventing American industry a century ago .
1	(Italy; has won; the world cup)	Italy	has won	the world cup	Italy has won the world cup !
0	(Ive; encountered a problem; while trying to publish a sid file)	Ive	encountered a problem	while trying to publish a sid file	Ive encountered a problem while trying to publish a sid file .
0	(Ive; encountered trying; to publish a sid file)	Ive	encountered trying	to publish a sid file	Ive encountered a problem while trying to publish a sid file .
0	(Ive; encountered; a problem)	Ive	encountered	a problem	Ive encountered a problem while trying to publish a sid file .
0	(Ive; encountered a problem trying; to publish a sid file)	Ive	encountered a problem trying	to publish a sid file	Ive encountered a problem while trying to publish a sid file .
0	(a laptop; running; Windows XP)	a laptop	running	Windows XP	Ive got a laptop running Windows XP , which also has VMWare installed .
0	(Ive; got; a laptop running Windows XP ,)	Ive	got	a laptop running Windows XP ,	Ive got a laptop running Windows XP , which also has VMWare installed .
1	(Windows XP; has; VMWare installed)	Windows XP	has	VMWare installed	Ive got a laptop running Windows XP , which also has VMWare installed .
0	(VMWare; installed; )	VMWare	installed		Ive got a laptop running Windows XP , which also has VMWare installed .
0	(Ive; also got; ADD)	Ive	also got	ADD	Ive got ideas but Ive also got ADD and am prone to be captivated by bright and shinny objects .
0	(Ive; got; ideas)	Ive	got	ideas	Ive got ideas but Ive also got ADD and am prone to be captivated by bright and shinny objects .
0	(Ive; am; prone to be captivated by bright and shinny objects)	Ive	am	prone to be captivated by bright and shinny objects	Ive got ideas but Ive also got ADD and am prone to be captivated by bright and shinny objects .
1	(the web; has made; my life easier)	the web	has made	my life easier	Ive just moved house and have found some ways the web has made my life easier .
0	(Ive; have found; some ways the web has made my life easier)	Ive	have found	some ways the web has made my life easier	Ive just moved house and have found some ways the web has made my life easier .
0	(Ive; just moved; house)	Ive	just moved	house	Ive just moved house and have found some ways the web has made my life easier .
1	(the college admission process; is a walk in; the park)	the college admission process	is a walk in	the park	Ive posted the video below but want you to know that after this experience , I can tell you the college admission process is a walk in the park .
1	(the college admission process; is; a walk in the park)	the college admission process	is	a walk in the park	Ive posted the video below but want you to know that after this experience , I can tell you the college admission process is a walk in the park .
0	(Ive; want; you to know that after this experience , I can tell you the college admission process is a walk in the park)	Ive	want	you to know that after this experience , I can tell you the college admission process is a walk in the park	Ive posted the video below but want you to know that after this experience , I can tell you the college admission process is a walk in the park .
0	(Ive; posted; the video)	Ive	posted	the video	Ive posted the video below but want you to know that after this experience , I can tell you the college admission process is a walk in the park .
0	(you; to know; that after this experience , I can tell you the college admission process is a walk in the park)	you	to know	that after this experience , I can tell you the college admission process is a walk in the park	Ive posted the video below but want you to know that after this experience , I can tell you the college admission process is a walk in the park .
0	(I; can tell; you)	I	can tell	you	Ive posted the video below but want you to know that after this experience , I can tell you the college admission process is a walk in the park .
0	(I; can tell you; the college admission process)	I	can tell you	the college admission process	Ive posted the video below but want you to know that after this experience , I can tell you the college admission process is a walk in the park .
0	(I; can tell you; after this experience)	I	can tell you	after this experience	Ive posted the video below but want you to know that after this experience , I can tell you the college admission process is a walk in the park .
1	(people; like the calf head sound; in the studio)	people	like the calf head sound	in the studio	Ive worked with people who like the calf head sound in the studio , but that s just too hard to control on the road , and theyre just not dependable .
1	(Ive; worked; with people)	Ive	worked	with people	Ive worked with people who like the calf head sound in the studio , but that s just too hard to control on the road , and theyre just not dependable .
1	(people; like; the calf head sound)	people	like	the calf head sound	Ive worked with people who like the calf head sound in the studio , but that s just too hard to control on the road , and theyre just not dependable .
0	(all of whom; share; a passion for being in the country)	all of whom	share	a passion for being in the country	Jane has two children and a husband , all of whom share a passion for being in the country , being on the beach and eating .
1	(Jane; has; two children and a husband , all of whom share a passion for being in the country)	Jane	has	two children and a husband , all of whom share a passion for being in the country	Jane has two children and a husband , all of whom share a passion for being in the country , being on the beach and eating .
1	(Jeff and his wife; have; three children)	Jeff and his wife	have	three children	Jeff and his wife Kathy have three children : Kyle , Kristin and Nathanael .
1	(Jesus; came; to bring Life)	Jesus	came	to bring Life	Jesus came to bring Life , abundant Life .
1	(Jesus; to bring; Life)	Jesus	to bring	Life	Jesus came to bring Life , abundant Life .
1	(Jesus; did n't have; a human father)	Jesus	did n't have	a human father	Jesus did n't have a human father .
1	(Jesus; is the only begotten Son of; God)	Jesus	is the only begotten Son of	God	Jesus is the only begotten Son of God the Father , conceived of the Holy Spirit and born of the virgin Mary .
1	(Jesus; is; the only begotten Son of God)	Jesus	is	the only begotten Son of God	Jesus is the only begotten Son of God the Father , conceived of the Holy Spirit and born of the virgin Mary .
1	(the only begotten Son of God; born; of the virgin Mary)	the only begotten Son of God	born	of the virgin Mary	Jesus is the only begotten Son of God the Father , conceived of the Holy Spirit and born of the virgin Mary .
1	(the only begotten Son of God; conceived; of the Holy Spirit)	the only begotten Son of God	conceived	of the Holy Spirit	Jesus is the only begotten Son of God the Father , conceived of the Holy Spirit and born of the virgin Mary .
1	(Jesus; was with the disciples; for forty days)	Jesus	was with the disciples	for forty days	Jesus was with the disciples for forty days after the resurrection .
1	(Jesus; was; with the disciples)	Jesus	was	with the disciples	Jesus was with the disciples for forty days after the resurrection .
1	(Jesus; will return at; the advent of the messianic age)	Jesus	will return at	the advent of the messianic age	Jesus will return from heaven at the advent of the messianic age , slay the Dajjal near Jerusalem , and then pray behind the Mahdi .
1	(Jesus; will return from; heaven)	Jesus	will return from	heaven	Jesus will return from heaven at the advent of the messianic age , slay the Dajjal near Jerusalem , and then pray behind the Mahdi .
1	(John Edwards; is; a trial lawyer and Hillary Rodham Clinton)	John Edwards	is	a trial lawyer and Hillary Rodham Clinton	John Edwards is a trial lawyer and Hillary Rodham Clinton might make a dandy Attorney General .
1	(Jones; carries twice; the ball)	Jones	carries twice	the ball	Jones carries the ball twice and gets almost as much yardage as Foster .
1	(Jones; gets; almost as much yardage)	Jones	gets	almost as much yardage	Jones carries the ball twice and gets almost as much yardage as Foster .
0	(Just one simple Google AdWords campaign; earns thousands per month; )	Just one simple Google AdWords campaign	earns thousands per month		Just one simple Google AdWords campaign , which takes less than 30 minutes a week , earns me thousands per month .
1	(Just one simple Google AdWords campaign; earns; me)	Just one simple Google AdWords campaign	earns	me	Just one simple Google AdWords campaign , which takes less than 30 minutes a week , earns me thousands per month .
1	(Just one simple Google AdWords campaign; earns me; thousands per month)	Just one simple Google AdWords campaign	earns me	thousands per month	Just one simple Google AdWords campaign , which takes less than 30 minutes a week , earns me thousands per month .
0	(Just one simple Google AdWords campaign; earns me takes; less than 30 minutes a week)	Just one simple Google AdWords campaign	earns me takes	less than 30 minutes a week	Just one simple Google AdWords campaign , which takes less than 30 minutes a week , earns me thousands per month .
1	(KOBE; is the best player in; the NBA)	KOBE	is the best player in	the NBA	KOBE is the best player in the NBA .
1	(KOBE; is; the best player in the NBA)	KOBE	is	the best player in the NBA	KOBE is the best player in the NBA .
1	(Kerry; supported too; the war)	Kerry	supported too	the war	Kerry supported the war too .
1	(Kimi Raikkonen; wins to secure; his first F1 crown)	Kimi Raikkonen	wins to secure	his first F1 crown	Kimi Raikkonen wins the Brazilian Grand Prix to secure his first F1 crown , but an investigation into possible fuel irregularites is pending .
1	(an investigation into possible fuel irregularites; is; pending)	an investigation into possible fuel irregularites	is	pending	Kimi Raikkonen wins the Brazilian Grand Prix to secure his first F1 crown , but an investigation into possible fuel irregularites is pending .
1	(Kimi Raikkonen; wins; the Brazilian Grand Prix)	Kimi Raikkonen	wins	the Brazilian Grand Prix	Kimi Raikkonen wins the Brazilian Grand Prix to secure his first F1 crown , but an investigation into possible fuel irregularites is pending .
1	(Kimi Raikkonen; wins the Brazilian Grand Prix to secure; his first F1 crown)	Kimi Raikkonen	wins the Brazilian Grand Prix to secure	his first F1 crown	Kimi Raikkonen wins the Brazilian Grand Prix to secure his first F1 crown , but an investigation into possible fuel irregularites is pending .
1	(Kevin Rudd; [is] leader [of]; Labor Party)	Kevin Rudd	[is] leader [of]	Labor Party	Labor Party leader Kevin Rudd faces the media as he arrives to vote in the Rebecca lobo of Griffith in Brisbane .
1	(Labor Party leader Kevin Rudd; faces the media; as he arrives to vote in the Rebecca lobo of Griffith in Brisbane)	Labor Party leader Kevin Rudd	faces the media	as he arrives to vote in the Rebecca lobo of Griffith in Brisbane	Labor Party leader Kevin Rudd faces the media as he arrives to vote in the Rebecca lobo of Griffith in Brisbane .
1	(Labor Party leader Kevin Rudd; faces; the media)	Labor Party leader Kevin Rudd	faces	the media	Labor Party leader Kevin Rudd faces the media as he arrives to vote in the Rebecca lobo of Griffith in Brisbane .
0	(he; to vote; in the Rebecca lobo of Griffith)	he	to vote	in the Rebecca lobo of Griffith	Labor Party leader Kevin Rudd faces the media as he arrives to vote in the Rebecca lobo of Griffith in Brisbane .
0	(he; arrives; to vote in the Rebecca lobo of Griffith in Brisbane)	he	arrives	to vote in the Rebecca lobo of Griffith in Brisbane	Labor Party leader Kevin Rudd faces the media as he arrives to vote in the Rebecca lobo of Griffith in Brisbane .
0	(he; to vote in the Rebecca lobo of Griffith; in Brisbane)	he	to vote in the Rebecca lobo of Griffith	in Brisbane	Labor Party leader Kevin Rudd faces the media as he arrives to vote in the Rebecca lobo of Griffith in Brisbane .
1	(Languages; include; Japanese , Chinese , French , German , Spanish , Korean , and English)	Languages	include	Japanese , Chinese , French , German , Spanish , Korean , and English	Languages include Japanese , Chinese , French , German , Spanish , Korean , and English .
0	(she; let; loose)	she	let	loose	Later , Pandora opened the box and she let loose all the evils in the world .
0	(Pandora; opened the box; all the evils in the world)	Pandora	opened the box	all the evils in the world	Later , Pandora opened the box and she let loose all the evils in the world .
1	(Pandora; opened; the box)	Pandora	opened	the box	Later , Pandora opened the box and she let loose all the evils in the world .
1	(Pandora; opened the box; Later)	Pandora	opened the box	Later	Later , Pandora opened the box and she let loose all the evils in the world .
1	(Launceston; is; Tasmania 's second largest city and Australia 's third oldest city)	Launceston	is	Tasmania 's second largest city and Australia 's third oldest city	Launceston is Tasmania 's second largest city and Australia 's third oldest city .
0	(Arnold; was governor before; he)	Arnold	was governor before	he	Let 's see , Arnold was governor before he spoke at the convention ; he was elected in November 2003 .
0	('s; see; before he spoke at the convention)	's	see	before he spoke at the convention	Let 's see , Arnold was governor before he spoke at the convention ; he was elected in November 2003 .
0	(he; spoke; at the convention)	he	spoke	at the convention	Let 's see , Arnold was governor before he spoke at the convention ; he was elected in November 2003 .
0	(he; spoke; in November 2003)	he	spoke	in November 2003	Let 's see , Arnold was governor before he spoke at the convention ; he was elected in November 2003 .
0	(he; was elected; in November 2003)	he	was elected	in November 2003	Let 's see , Arnold was governor before he spoke at the convention ; he was elected in November 2003 .
1	(Arnold; was; governor)	Arnold	was	governor	Let 's see , Arnold was governor before he spoke at the convention ; he was elected in November 2003 .
1	(Arnold; was governor; before he spoke at the convention)	Arnold	was governor	before he spoke at the convention	Let 's see , Arnold was governor before he spoke at the convention ; he was elected in November 2003 .
1	(Location; was; Hayward)	Location	was	Hayward	Location was Hayward , California .
1	(Louis Blues; ended; a seven-game winless streak)	Louis Blues	ended	a seven-game winless streak	Louis Blues ended a seven-game winless streak with a 3-2 win over the Toronto Maple Leafs .
1	(the rainy season; lasts; from July)	the rainy season	lasts	from July	Malaria is holoendemic but highly seasonal in the study area ; the rainy season lasts from July until October and the main transmission period is between July and December .
1	(the main transmission period; is; between July and December)	the main transmission period	is	between July and December	Malaria is holoendemic but highly seasonal in the study area ; the rainy season lasts from July until October and the main transmission period is between July and December .
1	(Malaria; is; holoendemic but highly seasonal in the study area)	Malaria	is	holoendemic but highly seasonal in the study area	Malaria is holoendemic but highly seasonal in the study area ; the rainy season lasts from July until October and the main transmission period is between July and December .
1	(Marilyn Monroe; was born; Norma Jeane Mortenson)	Marilyn Monroe	was born	Norma Jeane Mortenson	Marilyn Monroe was born Norma Jeane Mortenson on the 1st June , 1926 , in Los Angeles , California , to Gladys Baker .
1	(Marilyn Monroe; was born; on the 1st June , 1926 , in Los Angeles)	Marilyn Monroe	was born	on the 1st June , 1926 , in Los Angeles	Marilyn Monroe was born Norma Jeane Mortenson on the 1st June , 1926 , in Los Angeles , California , to Gladys Baker .
1	(Meetings; are held; at 1:00 PM)	Meetings	are held	at 1:00 PM	Meetings are held on the second Thursday of every month at 1:00 PM at St .
1	(Meetings; are held; on the second Thursday of every month)	Meetings	are held	on the second Thursday of every month	Meetings are held on the second Thursday of every month at 1:00 PM at St .
1	(Meetings; are held; on the second Wednesday of every month)	Meetings	are held	on the second Wednesday of every month	Meetings are held on the second Wednesday of every month , 7pm at Grace College .
1	(Meetings; are held; on the third Monday of every month)	Meetings	are held	on the third Monday of every month	Meetings are held on the third Monday of every month at Ft .
1	(Meetings; are held; at Ft)	Meetings	are held	at Ft	Meetings are held on the third Monday of every month at Ft .
1	(everyone; has; a safe holiday season)	everyone	has	a safe holiday season	Merry Christmas to all , and hope everyone has a safe holiday season .
0	(Merry Christmas to all; hope; everyone has a safe holiday season)	Merry Christmas to all	hope	everyone has a safe holiday season	Merry Christmas to all , and hope everyone has a safe holiday season .
1	(West Highland Terrier; named; Fergus)	West Highland Terrier	named	Fergus	Michael and his wife have a son Sam and a West Highland Terrier named Fergus , who makes his recording debut on Laugh and Play .
1	(Michael and his wife; have; a son Sam and a West Highland Terrier)	Michael and his wife	have	a son Sam and a West Highland Terrier	Michael and his wife have a son Sam and a West Highland Terrier named Fergus , who makes his recording debut on Laugh and Play .
1	(Microsoft; discards each version; after only five years)	Microsoft	discards each version	after only five years	Microsoft spends billions of dollars developing new versions of windows , yet discards each version as worthless after only five years .
0	(Microsoft; spends developing; new versions of windows)	Microsoft	spends developing	new versions of windows	Microsoft spends billions of dollars developing new versions of windows , yet discards each version as worthless after only five years .
0	(Microsoft; spends developing new versions of windows; )	Microsoft	spends developing new versions of windows		Microsoft spends billions of dollars developing new versions of windows , yet discards each version as worthless after only five years .
1	(Microsoft; discards; each version)	Microsoft	discards	each version	Microsoft spends billions of dollars developing new versions of windows , yet discards each version as worthless after only five years .
1	(Microsoft; spends developing new versions of windows; billions of dollars)	Microsoft	spends developing new versions of windows	billions of dollars	Microsoft spends billions of dollars developing new versions of windows , yet discards each version as worthless after only five years .
1	(Microsoft; spends; developing new versions of windows)	Microsoft	spends	developing new versions of windows	Microsoft spends billions of dollars developing new versions of windows , yet discards each version as worthless after only five years .
1	(Moses; led the people of Israel; for 40 years)	Moses	led the people of Israel	for 40 years	Moses led the people of Israel through the desert for 40 years .
1	(Moses; led; the people of Israel)	Moses	led	the people of Israel	Moses led the people of Israel through the desert for 40 years .
1	(Mr Smith; goes; to Washington 37)	Mr Smith	goes	to Washington 37	Mr Smith goes to Washington 37 Your favorite movie about movies .
0	(I; Love; all Animals)	I	Love	all Animals	My name is Rachael and I Love all Animals !
1	(My name; is; Rachael)	My name	is	Rachael	My name is Rachael and I Love all Animals !
0	(he; should go; ahead)	he	should go	ahead	Nathan told David that he should go ahead and build the Temple of the Lord .
0	(Nathan; told that he should go ahead and build the Temple of the Lord; )	Nathan	told that he should go ahead and build the Temple of the Lord		Nathan told David that he should go ahead and build the Temple of the Lord .
0	(he; build; the Temple of the Lord)	he	build	the Temple of the Lord	Nathan told David that he should go ahead and build the Temple of the Lord .
1	(Nathan; told; David)	Nathan	told	David	Nathan told David that he should go ahead and build the Temple of the Lord .
1	(Nathan; told David; that he should go ahead and build the Temple of the Lord)	Nathan	told David	that he should go ahead and build the Temple of the Lord	Nathan told David that he should go ahead and build the Temple of the Lord .
0	(we; are; The Real Estate Leaders)	we	are	The Real Estate Leaders	No one in the world sells more real estate than RE/MAX we are The Real Estate Leaders .
1	(No one in the world; sells; more real estate than RE/MAX)	No one in the world	sells	more real estate than RE/MAX	No one in the world sells more real estate than RE/MAX we are The Real Estate Leaders .
0	(we; need; to just whip something up for the kids)	we	need	to just whip something up for the kids	Not everyone has Photoshop or a slick little graphics program or sometimes we need to just whip something up for the kids .
0	(Not everyone; to just whip something up; for the kids)	Not everyone	to just whip something up	for the kids	Not everyone has Photoshop or a slick little graphics program or sometimes we need to just whip something up for the kids .
1	(Not everyone; has; Photoshop or a slick little graphics program)	Not everyone	has	Photoshop or a slick little graphics program	Not everyone has Photoshop or a slick little graphics program or sometimes we need to just whip something up for the kids .
0	(we; need to just whip something up for the kids; sometimes)	we	need to just whip something up for the kids	sometimes	Not everyone has Photoshop or a slick little graphics program or sometimes we need to just whip something up for the kids .
0	(Not everyone; to just whip up; something)	Not everyone	to just whip up	something	Not everyone has Photoshop or a slick little graphics program or sometimes we need to just whip something up for the kids .
0	(Not everyone; to just whip up something; for the kids)	Not everyone	to just whip up something	for the kids	Not everyone has Photoshop or a slick little graphics program or sometimes we need to just whip something up for the kids .
1	(today; is; January 5th)	today	is	January 5th	OK , today is January 5th .
1	(Obama; is; a law professor and a state senator)	Obama	is	a law professor and a state senator	Obama is a law professor and a state senator .
1	(Edwards; came way back; in second)	Edwards	came way back	in second	Obama won with 37.5 % , Edwards came in second at 29.9 % , Clinton in third at 29.4 % and Bill Richardson way back in fourth at 2.1 % .
1	(Edwards; came way back; at 29.9 %)	Edwards	came way back	at 29.9 %	Obama won with 37.5 % , Edwards came in second at 29.9 % , Clinton in third at 29.4 % and Bill Richardson way back in fourth at 2.1 % .
0	(Obama; won fourth; )	Obama	won fourth		Obama won with 37.5 % , Edwards came in second at 29.9 % , Clinton in third at 29.4 % and Bill Richardson way back in fourth at 2.1 % .
0	(it; turns out; that I misread one of the questions , so now Ron Paul is in the lead)	it	turns out	that I misread one of the questions , so now Ron Paul is in the lead	Oops , it turns out that I misread one of the questions , so now Ron Paul is in the lead .
0	(I; misread; )	I	misread		Oops , it turns out that I misread one of the questions , so now Ron Paul is in the lead .
0	(one of the questions; so is; in the lead)	one of the questions	so is	in the lead	Oops , it turns out that I misread one of the questions , so now Ron Paul is in the lead .
0	(one of the questions; so is in the lead; now)	one of the questions	so is in the lead	now	Oops , it turns out that I misread one of the questions , so now Ron Paul is in the lead .
0	(I; forget; to present myself)	I	forget	to present myself	Oops I am sorry I forget to present myself my name is Ivan and I am from Bulgaria .
0	(I; forget to present; myself)	I	forget to present	myself	Oops I am sorry I forget to present myself my name is Ivan and I am from Bulgaria .
0	(I; am; sorry I forget to present myself)	I	am	sorry I forget to present myself	Oops I am sorry I forget to present myself my name is Ivan and I am from Bulgaria .
0	(I; am; from Bulgaria)	I	am	from Bulgaria	Oops I am sorry I forget to present myself my name is Ivan and I am from Bulgaria .
1	(my name; is; Ivan)	my name	is	Ivan	Oops I am sorry I forget to present myself my name is Ivan and I am from Bulgaria .
1	(PAYMENT Payment; may be made; by check , money order , American Express , Discover , MasterCard , Visa or JCB credit card)	PAYMENT Payment	may be made	by check , money order , American Express , Discover , MasterCard , Visa or JCB credit card	PAYMENT Payment may be made by check , money order , American Express , Discover , MasterCard , Visa or JCB credit card .
1	(Tasty Baking Company; is investing more than $ 75 million; to relocate its headquarters)	Tasty Baking Company	is investing more than $ 75 million	to relocate its headquarters	PHILADELPHIA , May 9 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Governor Edward G. Rendell announced today that Tasty Baking Company is investing more than $ 75 million to relocate its headquarters and Philadelphia manufacturing operations to the Philadelphia Navy Yard .
1	(Tasty Baking Company; is investing to relocate; its headquarters)	Tasty Baking Company	is investing to relocate	its headquarters	PHILADELPHIA , May 9 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Governor Edward G. Rendell announced today that Tasty Baking Company is investing more than $ 75 million to relocate its headquarters and Philadelphia manufacturing operations to the Philadelphia Navy Yard .
0	(PHILADELPHIA , May 9 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Governor Edward G. Rendell; announced that Tasty Baking Company is investing more than $ 75 million to relocate its headquarters and Philadelphia manufacturing operations to the Philadelphia Navy Yard; )	PHILADELPHIA , May 9 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Governor Edward G. Rendell	announced that Tasty Baking Company is investing more than $ 75 million to relocate its headquarters and Philadelphia manufacturing operations to the Philadelphia Navy Yard		PHILADELPHIA , May 9 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Governor Edward G. Rendell announced today that Tasty Baking Company is investing more than $ 75 million to relocate its headquarters and Philadelphia manufacturing operations to the Philadelphia Navy Yard .
1	(Tasty Baking Company; is investing; more than $ 75 million; to relocate its headquarters)	Tasty Baking Company	is investing	more than $ 75 million; to relocate its headquarters	PHILADELPHIA , May 9 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Governor Edward G. Rendell announced today that Tasty Baking Company is investing more than $ 75 million to relocate its headquarters and Philadelphia manufacturing operations to the Philadelphia Navy Yard .
1	(Tasty Baking Company; is investing more than $ 75 million to relocate; its headquarters)	Tasty Baking Company	is investing more than $ 75 million to relocate	its headquarters	PHILADELPHIA , May 9 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Governor Edward G. Rendell announced today that Tasty Baking Company is investing more than $ 75 million to relocate its headquarters and Philadelphia manufacturing operations to the Philadelphia Navy Yard .
0	(you; are submitting; after 6 pm)	you	are submitting	after 6 pm	PLEASE NOTE : Office hours are Monday-Friday 8:30 am to 6:00 pm Please use the online form if you are submitting after 6 pm .
1	(Office hours; are Monday - Friday; 8:30 am to 6:00 pm)	Office hours	are Monday - Friday	8:30 am to 6:00 pm	PLEASE NOTE : Office hours are Monday-Friday 8:30 am to 6:00 pm Please use the online form if you are submitting after 6 pm .
1	(Office hours; are; Monday-Friday)	Office hours	are	Monday-Friday	PLEASE NOTE : Office hours are Monday-Friday 8:30 am to 6:00 pm Please use the online form if you are submitting after 6 pm .
1	(Paul; otherwise is; nothing but trash)	Paul	otherwise is	nothing but trash	Paul is a good guy and otherwise an intellectual-but Gravel is nothing but trash .
1	(Paul; is; a good guy)	Paul	is	a good guy	Paul is a good guy and otherwise an intellectual-but Gravel is nothing but trash .
0	(Paul; warned not to lay hands on any man suddenly; )	Paul	warned not to lay hands on any man suddenly		Paul warned Timothy not to lay hands on any man suddenly .
0	(Timothy; not to lay hands; on any man suddenly)	Timothy	not to lay hands	on any man suddenly	Paul warned Timothy not to lay hands on any man suddenly .
1	(Paul; warned; Timothy)	Paul	warned	Timothy	Paul warned Timothy not to lay hands on any man suddenly .
1	(Paul; warned Timothy; not to lay hands on any man suddenly)	Paul	warned Timothy	not to lay hands on any man suddenly	Paul warned Timothy not to lay hands on any man suddenly .
1	(Timothy; not to lay; hands)	Timothy	not to lay	hands	Paul warned Timothy not to lay hands on any man suddenly .
1	(Paul; provided; for his missionary trips)	Paul	provided	for his missionary trips	Paul was a tent maker and provided for his missionary trips by working .
1	(Paul; was; a tent maker)	Paul	was	a tent maker	Paul was a tent maker and provided for his missionary trips by working .
1	(President Bush; visits New Orleans; on the second anniversary of Hurricane Katrina)	President Bush	visits New Orleans	on the second anniversary of Hurricane Katrina	President Bush visits New Orleans on the second anniversary of Hurricane Katrina .
1	(President Bush; visits; New Orleans)	President Bush	visits	New Orleans	President Bush visits New Orleans on the second anniversary of Hurricane Katrina .
1	(Prizes; included; gift certificates redeemable at Collectors)	Prizes	included	gift certificates redeemable at Collectors	Prizes included gift certificates redeemable at Collectors Corner , Yu-Gi-Oh posters , promotional give-aways and Oakland Coca-Cola Street Team t-shirts to the many winners of the tournament .
1	(Products; must be returned with; all accessories)	Products	must be returned with	all accessories	Products must be returned in original packaging and in original condition with all accessories included .
1	(Products; must be returned in; original packaging and in original condition)	Products	must be returned in	original packaging and in original condition	Products must be returned in original packaging and in original condition with all accessories included .
0	(all accessories; included; )	all accessories	included		Products must be returned in original packaging and in original condition with all accessories included .
1	(Products; must be returned; in original packaging and in original condition)	Products	must be returned	in original packaging and in original condition	Products must be returned in original packaging and in original condition with all accessories included .
1	(Raid; stands; for Redundant Array of Inexpensive Disks)	Raid	stands	for Redundant Array of Inexpensive Disks	Raid stands for Redundant Array of Inexpensive Disks .
1	(Registration; begins; February 1)	Registration	begins	February 1	Registration begins February 1 at the Reference Desk .
1	(Registration; begins; at the Reference Desk)	Registration	begins	at the Reference Desk	Registration begins February 1 at the Reference Desk .
0	(we; need; him to get the nomination)	we	need	him to get the nomination	Richardson is the best candidate out there from any party and we need him to get the nomination !
0	(him; to get; the nomination)	him	to get	the nomination	Richardson is the best candidate out there from any party and we need him to get the nomination !
1	(Richardson; is; the best candidate out there from any party)	Richardson	is	the best candidate out there from any party	Richardson is the best candidate out there from any party and we need him to get the nomination !
1	(Rock Band; will ship; in Europe)	Rock Band	will ship	in Europe	Rock Band will ship in Europe for the Xbox 360video game and entertainment system from Microsoft and PLAYSTATION3 computer entertainment system and PlayStation2 computer entertainment system in the first quarter of 2008 .
1	(Rock Band; will ship; for the Xbox 360video game and entertainment system from Microsoft and PLAYSTATION3 computer entertainment system and PlayStation2 computer entertainment system)	Rock Band	will ship	for the Xbox 360video game and entertainment system from Microsoft and PLAYSTATION3 computer entertainment system and PlayStation2 computer entertainment system	Rock Band will ship in Europe for the Xbox 360video game and entertainment system from Microsoft and PLAYSTATION3 computer entertainment system and PlayStation2 computer entertainment system in the first quarter of 2008 .
0	(Rock Band; will ship for the Xbox 360video game and entertainment system from Microsoft and PLAYSTATION3 computer entertainment system and PlayStation2 computer entertainment system; in Europe)	Rock Band	will ship for the Xbox 360video game and entertainment system from Microsoft and PLAYSTATION3 computer entertainment system and PlayStation2 computer entertainment system	in Europe	Rock Band will ship in Europe for the Xbox 360video game and entertainment system from Microsoft and PLAYSTATION3 computer entertainment system and PlayStation2 computer entertainment system in the first quarter of 2008 .
1	(winds; hit 126 miles per hour; on Dec)	winds	hit 126 miles per hour	on Dec	Rogue Ales Public House , Astoria , located where the Columbia River meets the Pacific Ocean , got a first hand look at the power of the Pacific when winds hit 126 miles per hour on Dec. 3 .
1	(Astoria; located; where the Columbia River meets the Pacific Ocean)	Astoria	located	where the Columbia River meets the Pacific Ocean	Rogue Ales Public House , Astoria , located where the Columbia River meets the Pacific Ocean , got a first hand look at the power of the Pacific when winds hit 126 miles per hour on Dec. 3 .
1	(the Columbia River; meets; the Pacific Ocean)	the Columbia River	meets	the Pacific Ocean	Rogue Ales Public House , Astoria , located where the Columbia River meets the Pacific Ocean , got a first hand look at the power of the Pacific when winds hit 126 miles per hour on Dec. 3 .
1	(Rogue Ales Public House , Astoria; got a first hand look at the power of the Pacific; when winds hit 126 miles per hour on Dec)	Rogue Ales Public House , Astoria	got a first hand look at the power of the Pacific	when winds hit 126 miles per hour on Dec	Rogue Ales Public House , Astoria , located where the Columbia River meets the Pacific Ocean , got a first hand look at the power of the Pacific when winds hit 126 miles per hour on Dec. 3 .
1	(Rogue Ales Public House , Astoria; got; a first hand look at the power of the Pacific)	Rogue Ales Public House , Astoria	got	a first hand look at the power of the Pacific	Rogue Ales Public House , Astoria , located where the Columbia River meets the Pacific Ocean , got a first hand look at the power of the Pacific when winds hit 126 miles per hour on Dec. 3 .
1	(winds; hit; 126 miles per hour)	winds	hit	126 miles per hour	Rogue Ales Public House , Astoria , located where the Columbia River meets the Pacific Ocean , got a first hand look at the power of the Pacific when winds hit 126 miles per hour on Dec. 3 .
0	(he; is; a leader)	he	is	a leader	Romney has money because he has IT and because he is a leader , a winner , a get-it-done guy .
0	(he; has; IT)	he	has	IT	Romney has money because he has IT and because he is a leader , a winner , a get-it-done guy .
1	(Romney; has money; because he has IT and because he is a leader)	Romney	has money	because he has IT and because he is a leader	Romney has money because he has IT and because he is a leader , a winner , a get-it-done guy .
1	(Romney; has; money)	Romney	has	money	Romney has money because he has IT and because he is a leader , a winner , a get-it-done guy .
1	(the orchard trees; were; laden with peaches , plums and other fruit , ours for the picking)	the orchard trees	were	laden with peaches , plums and other fruit , ours for the picking	Roses were in bloom in the little garden back of the hotel , and the orchard trees were laden with peaches , plums and other fruit , ours for the picking .
1	(Roses; were; in bloom)	Roses	were	in bloom	Roses were in bloom in the little garden back of the hotel , and the orchard trees were laden with peaches , plums and other fruit , ours for the picking .
1	(Rosh HaShana; is; the Jewish New Year)	Rosh HaShana	is	the Jewish New Year	Rosh HaShanah : Rosh HaShana is the Jewish New Year commemorating the creation of the universe ; a universal day of judgment .
1	(the Jewish New Year; commemorating; the creation of the universe)	the Jewish New Year	commemorating	the creation of the universe	Rosh HaShanah : Rosh HaShana is the Jewish New Year commemorating the creation of the universe ; a universal day of judgment .
0	(I; so would love; to find a group nearby)	I	so would love	to find a group nearby	Ryan goes to school in Oak Hill so I would love to find a group nearby !
1	(Ryan; goes; to school in Oak Hill)	Ryan	goes	to school in Oak Hill	Ryan goes to school in Oak Hill so I would love to find a group nearby !
0	(Ryan; goes; so I would love to find a group nearby)	Ryan	goes	so I would love to find a group nearby	Ryan goes to school in Oak Hill so I would love to find a group nearby !
0	(I; so would love to find; a group)	I	so would love to find	a group	Ryan goes to school in Oak Hill so I would love to find a group nearby !
0	(I; so would love to find a group; nearby)	I	so would love to find a group	nearby	Ryan goes to school in Oak Hill so I would love to find a group nearby !
0	(SMTP; is; the standard method used for host)	SMTP	is	the standard method used for host	SMTP stands for Simple Mail Transfer Protocol and is the standard method used for host to host transfer of messages over the internet .
1	(SMTP; stands; for Simple Mail Transfer Protocol)	SMTP	stands	for Simple Mail Transfer Protocol	SMTP stands for Simple Mail Transfer Protocol and is the standard method used for host to host transfer of messages over the internet .
0	(the standard method; used; for host)	the standard method	used	for host	SMTP stands for Simple Mail Transfer Protocol and is the standard method used for host to host transfer of messages over the internet .
1	(Anaheim Ducks; [is] champion [of]; Stanley Cup)	Anaheim Ducks	[is] champion [of]	Stanley Cup	Selanne rejoins Ducks : Teemu Selanne returned to the Stanley Cup champion Anaheim Ducks after missing the first half of the season while contemplating retirement .
1	(Selanne; rejoins; Ducks)	Selanne	rejoins	Ducks	Selanne rejoins Ducks : Teemu Selanne returned to the Stanley Cup champion Anaheim Ducks after missing the first half of the season while contemplating retirement .
1	(Teemu Selanne; returned; after missing the first half of the season)	Teemu Selanne	returned	after missing the first half of the season	Selanne rejoins Ducks : Teemu Selanne returned to the Stanley Cup champion Anaheim Ducks after missing the first half of the season while contemplating retirement .
1	(Teemu Selanne; returned; to the Stanley Cup champion)	Teemu Selanne	returned	to the Stanley Cup champion	Selanne rejoins Ducks : Teemu Selanne returned to the Stanley Cup champion Anaheim Ducks after missing the first half of the season while contemplating retirement .
1	(Services; include; consultancy)	Services	include	consultancy	Services include consultancy to a client 's architect , assisting in room shaping and infrastructure acoustic design , and making recommendations regarding HVAC and mechanical noise isolation .
1	(Services; were held; at 2:00 pm on Wednesday , Dec. 6 , 2000)	Services	were held	at 2:00 pm on Wednesday , Dec. 6 , 2000	Services were held at 2:00 pm on Wednesday , Dec. 6 , 2000 at Rekus Funeral Home in Meta with Rev. Manuel Seaton officiating .
0	(Rev. Manuel Seaton; officiating; )	Rev. Manuel Seaton	officiating		Services were held at 2:00 pm on Wednesday , Dec. 6 , 2000 at Rekus Funeral Home in Meta with Rev. Manuel Seaton officiating .
1	(Services; will be at 1 pm; Monday)	Services	will be at 1 pm	Monday	Services will be at 1 pm Monday at Four square Church in Newton , of which he was a member .
1	(Services; will be at 1 pm; at Four square Church in Newton)	Services	will be at 1 pm	at Four square Church in Newton	Services will be at 1 pm Monday at Four square Church in Newton , of which he was a member .
1	(Services; will be; at 1 pm)	Services	will be	at 1 pm	Services will be at 1 pm Monday at Four square Church in Newton , of which he was a member .
0	(he; was; a member)	he	was	a member	Services will be at 1 pm Monday at Four square Church in Newton , of which he was a member .
1	(the family; moved; to Spain)	the family	moved	to Spain	She studied at RVAS , a boarding school in Southern Oregon , until the 5th grade , when the family moved to Spain .
0	(She; studied; at RVAS)	She	studied	at RVAS	She studied at RVAS , a boarding school in Southern Oregon , until the 5th grade , when the family moved to Spain .
1	(Halo 2 fans; to take; the plunge)	Halo 2 fans	to take	the plunge	Since Microsoft owns Bungie , Halo games are Xbox exclusives , which may spur Halo 2 fans to finally take the plunge and upgrade to a 360 .
1	(Halo 2 fans; to upgrade; to a 360)	Halo 2 fans	to upgrade	to a 360	Since Microsoft owns Bungie , Halo games are Xbox exclusives , which may spur Halo 2 fans to finally take the plunge and upgrade to a 360 .
1	(Halo games; are; Xbox exclusives)	Halo games	are	Xbox exclusives	Since Microsoft owns Bungie , Halo games are Xbox exclusives , which may spur Halo 2 fans to finally take the plunge and upgrade to a 360 .
1	(Microsoft; owns; Bungie)	Microsoft	owns	Bungie	Since Microsoft owns Bungie , Halo games are Xbox exclusives , which may spur Halo 2 fans to finally take the plunge and upgrade to a 360 .
1	(Halo 2 fans; to take the plunge; finally)	Halo 2 fans	to take the plunge	finally	Since Microsoft owns Bungie , Halo games are Xbox exclusives , which may spur Halo 2 fans to finally take the plunge and upgrade to a 360 .
1	(Halo 2 fans; to upgrade; finally)	Halo 2 fans	to upgrade	finally	Since Microsoft owns Bungie , Halo games are Xbox exclusives , which may spur Halo 2 fans to finally take the plunge and upgrade to a 360 .
1	(I; caught; the cleaning bug; this morning)	I	caught	the cleaning bug; this morning	Since yesterday was Palm Sunday , I caught the cleaning bug this morning .
0	(I; caught; the cleaning bug)	I	caught	the cleaning bug	Since yesterday was Palm Sunday , I caught the cleaning bug this morning .
0	(I; caught the cleaning bug; this morning)	I	caught the cleaning bug	this morning	Since yesterday was Palm Sunday , I caught the cleaning bug this morning .
0	(I; caught the cleaning bug; yesterday)	I	caught the cleaning bug	yesterday	Since yesterday was Palm Sunday , I caught the cleaning bug this morning .
1	(Sabah; is the second largest state in; Malaysia)	Sabah	is the second largest state in	Malaysia	Situated in the northeastern part of the world 's third largest island , Sabah is the second largest state in Malaysia .
1	(Sabah; is; the second largest state in Malaysia)	Sabah	is	the second largest state in Malaysia	Situated in the northeastern part of the world 's third largest island , Sabah is the second largest state in Malaysia .
1	(Skin cancer; is the most common cancer in; the United States)	Skin cancer	is the most common cancer in	the United States	Skin cancer is the most common cancer in the United States and is increasing in incidence .
1	(Skin cancer; is; the most common cancer in the United States)	Skin cancer	is	the most common cancer in the United States	Skin cancer is the most common cancer in the United States and is increasing in incidence .
1	(Skin cancer; is increasing; )	Skin cancer	is increasing		Skin cancer is the most common cancer in the United States and is increasing in incidence .
1	(the Europeans; came; to the Americas)	the Europeans	came	to the Americas	So when the Europeans came to the Americas , for example , they unknowlingly brought all their lethal germs with them .
0	(they; unknowlingly brought; all their lethal germs)	they	unknowlingly brought	all their lethal germs	So when the Europeans came to the Americas , for example , they unknowlingly brought all their lethal germs with them .
0	(they; unknowlingly brought all their lethal germs; with them)	they	unknowlingly brought all their lethal germs	with them	So when the Europeans came to the Americas , for example , they unknowlingly brought all their lethal germs with them .
0	(they; unknowlingly brought all their lethal germs; when the Europeans came to the Americas)	they	unknowlingly brought all their lethal germs	when the Europeans came to the Americas	So when the Europeans came to the Americas , for example , they unknowlingly brought all their lethal germs with them .
1	(Socrates; was born; In his early life)	Socrates	was born	In his early life	Socrates was born in Athens about 469 BC In his early life he followed the profession of his father , who was a sculptor .
1	(his father; was; a sculptor)	his father	was	a sculptor	Socrates was born in Athens about 469 BC In his early life he followed the profession of his father , who was a sculptor .
1	(Socrates; was born; in Athens about 469 BC)	Socrates	was born	in Athens about 469 BC	Socrates was born in Athens about 469 BC In his early life he followed the profession of his father , who was a sculptor .
0	(he; followed; the profession of his father)	he	followed	the profession of his father	Socrates was born in Athens about 469 BC In his early life he followed the profession of his father , who was a sculptor .
1	(Some people; believe; Jesus received teachings from Yoga in India)	Some people	believe	Jesus received teachings from Yoga in India	Some people believe Jesus received teachings from Yoga in India .
1	(Jesus; received teachings; from Yoga)	Jesus	received teachings	from Yoga	Some people believe Jesus received teachings from Yoga in India .
1	(Jesus; received teachings; in India)	Jesus	received teachings	in India	Some people believe Jesus received teachings from Yoga in India .
1	(Jesus; received; teachings)	Jesus	received	teachings	Some people believe Jesus received teachings from Yoga in India .
1	(Alaska; became; a state)	Alaska	became	a state	Soon after , Alaska became a state , and in 1960 the Sheenjek River basin was included in a presidential executive order .
1	(the Sheenjek River basin; was included; in a presidential executive order)	the Sheenjek River basin	was included	in a presidential executive order	Soon after , Alaska became a state , and in 1960 the Sheenjek River basin was included in a presidential executive order .
1	(Alaska; became a state; Soon after)	Alaska	became a state	Soon after	Soon after , Alaska became a state , and in 1960 the Sheenjek River basin was included in a presidential executive order .
1	(the Sheenjek River basin; was included in a presidential executive order; in 1960)	the Sheenjek River basin	was included in a presidential executive order	in 1960	Soon after , Alaska became a state , and in 1960 the Sheenjek River basin was included in a presidential executive order .
1	(South Africa; beat; England)	South Africa	beat	England	South Africa beat England .
1	(South Africa; were; in trouble)	South Africa	were	in trouble	South Africa were in trouble when Andy Gomarsall kicked and up-and-under and JP Pietersen dropped it .
0	(Andy Gomarsall; kicked; )	Andy Gomarsall	kicked		South Africa were in trouble when Andy Gomarsall kicked and up-and-under and JP Pietersen dropped it .
1	(Stevia; has been used; for centuries)	Stevia	has been used	for centuries	Stevia has been used for centuries without adverse reactions and it is said to be particularly helpful for diabetics .
0	(it; is said; )	it	is said		Stevia has been used for centuries without adverse reactions and it is said to be particularly helpful for diabetics .
0	(it; is said to be; particularly helpful for diabetics)	it	is said to be	particularly helpful for diabetics	Stevia has been used for centuries without adverse reactions and it is said to be particularly helpful for diabetics .
1	(Microsoft; has shown; dogged patience)	Microsoft	has shown	dogged patience	Still , Microsoft has deep pockets and has shown dogged patience .
1	(Microsoft; has; deep pockets)	Microsoft	has	deep pockets	Still , Microsoft has deep pockets and has shown dogged patience .
1	(Students; must have; a 3.0 GPA)	Students	must have	a 3.0 GPA	Students must have a 3.0 GPA and be able to commit to a minimum of at least 6 to 9 hours per week in the lab for at least two semesters .
1	(Students; be; able to commit to a minimum of at least 6 to 9 hours per week in the lab for at least two semesters)	Students	be	able to commit to a minimum of at least 6 to 9 hours per week in the lab for at least two semesters	Students must have a 3.0 GPA and be able to commit to a minimum of at least 6 to 9 hours per week in the lab for at least two semesters .
0	(young blonde girl; is missing or dead; )	young blonde girl	is missing or dead		Sure , New Orleans and Louisiana are still a mess , but that young blonde girl is still missing or dead in Aruba or whatever , and that 's just more sensational than undrinkable water .
0	(that; 's; just more sensational than undrinkable water)	that	's	just more sensational than undrinkable water	Sure , New Orleans and Louisiana are still a mess , but that young blonde girl is still missing or dead in Aruba or whatever , and that 's just more sensational than undrinkable water .
0	(New Orleans and Louisiana; are a mess; )	New Orleans and Louisiana	are a mess		Sure , New Orleans and Louisiana are still a mess , but that young blonde girl is still missing or dead in Aruba or whatever , and that 's just more sensational than undrinkable water .
1	(New Orleans and Louisiana; are a mess; still)	New Orleans and Louisiana	are a mess	still	Sure , New Orleans and Louisiana are still a mess , but that young blonde girl is still missing or dead in Aruba or whatever , and that 's just more sensational than undrinkable water .
1	(New Orleans and Louisiana; are; a mess)	New Orleans and Louisiana	are	a mess	Sure , New Orleans and Louisiana are still a mess , but that young blonde girl is still missing or dead in Aruba or whatever , and that 's just more sensational than undrinkable water .
1	(young blonde girl; is missing or dead; still)	young blonde girl	is missing or dead	still	Sure , New Orleans and Louisiana are still a mess , but that young blonde girl is still missing or dead in Aruba or whatever , and that 's just more sensational than undrinkable water .
1	(young blonde girl; is; missing or dead)	young blonde girl	is	missing or dead	Sure , New Orleans and Louisiana are still a mess , but that young blonde girl is still missing or dead in Aruba or whatever , and that 's just more sensational than undrinkable water .
1	(Taxol; stabilizes; microtubules)	Taxol	stabilizes	microtubules	Taxol stabilizes microtubules by binding to a polymer .
1	(The ADA; prohibits discrimination on the basis of disability; with respect to public accommodations and employment)	The ADA	prohibits discrimination on the basis of disability	with respect to public accommodations and employment	The ADA prohibits discrimination on the basis of disability with respect to public accommodations and employment .
1	(The ADA; prohibits; discrimination on the basis of disability)	The ADA	prohibits	discrimination on the basis of disability	The ADA prohibits discrimination on the basis of disability with respect to public accommodations and employment .
1	(The Celts; came; quite recently)	The Celts	came	quite recently	The Celts came to Ireland quite recently , d isposs essing the previous inhabitants .
1	(The Celts; isposs essing; the previous inhabitants)	The Celts	isposs essing	the previous inhabitants	The Celts came to Ireland quite recently , d isposs essing the previous inhabitants .
1	(The Celts; came; to Ireland)	The Celts	came	to Ireland	The Celts came to Ireland quite recently , d isposs essing the previous inhabitants .
1	(The Company; operates; throughout Europe , North America and the Pacific Rim)	The Company	operates	throughout Europe , North America and the Pacific Rim	The Company operates throughout Europe , North America and the Pacific Rim , addressing the needs of organisations ranging from the largest multinationals through to the smallest start-ups .
0	(consumers; with purchasing; some 508,000 units of the Nintendo player)	consumers	with purchasing	some 508,000 units of the Nintendo player	The DS outsold the PSP nearly 3 to 1 with consumers purchasing some 508,000 units of the Nintendo player and only 180,000 PSPs .
1	(The DS; outsold; the PSP nearly 3 to 1)	The DS	outsold	the PSP nearly 3 to 1	The DS outsold the PSP nearly 3 to 1 with consumers purchasing some 508,000 units of the Nintendo player and only 180,000 PSPs .
1	(consumers; purchasing; some 508,000 units of the Nintendo player)	consumers	purchasing	some 508,000 units of the Nintendo player	The DS outsold the PSP nearly 3 to 1 with consumers purchasing some 508,000 units of the Nintendo player and only 180,000 PSPs .
1	(The Internet; is a great source of; information)	The Internet	is a great source of	information	The Internet is a great source of information , but it is also a great source for misinformation .
1	(The Internet; is; a great source of information)	The Internet	is	a great source of information	The Internet is a great source of information , but it is also a great source for misinformation .
0	(it; is also; a great source for misinformation)	it	is also	a great source for misinformation	The Internet is a great source of information , but it is also a great source for misinformation .
1	(The Japanese; attacked the Philippines; on December 8 , 1941)	The Japanese	attacked the Philippines	on December 8 , 1941	The Japanese attacked the Philippines , still an American colony , on December 8 , 1941 , ten hours after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor .
1	(The Japanese; attacked; the Philippines)	The Japanese	attacked	the Philippines	The Japanese attacked the Philippines , still an American colony , on December 8 , 1941 , ten hours after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor .
1	(The Khmer Rouge; ruled Cambodia; from April 17 , 1975)	The Khmer Rouge	ruled Cambodia	from April 17 , 1975	The Khmer Rouge ruled Cambodia from April 17 , 1975 to January 7 , 1979 , renaming the country Democratic Kampuchea .
1	(The Khmer Rouge; ruled renaming the country; Democratic Kampuchea)	The Khmer Rouge	ruled renaming the country	Democratic Kampuchea	The Khmer Rouge ruled Cambodia from April 17 , 1975 to January 7 , 1979 , renaming the country Democratic Kampuchea .
1	(The Khmer Rouge; ruled; Cambodia)	The Khmer Rouge	ruled	Cambodia	The Khmer Rouge ruled Cambodia from April 17 , 1975 to January 7 , 1979 , renaming the country Democratic Kampuchea .
1	(The Khmer Rouge; ruled Cambodia renaming; the country)	The Khmer Rouge	ruled Cambodia renaming	the country	The Khmer Rouge ruled Cambodia from April 17 , 1975 to January 7 , 1979 , renaming the country Democratic Kampuchea .
1	(The Khmer Rouge; ruled Cambodia renaming the country; Democratic Kampuchea)	The Khmer Rouge	ruled Cambodia renaming the country	Democratic Kampuchea	The Khmer Rouge ruled Cambodia from April 17 , 1975 to January 7 , 1979 , renaming the country Democratic Kampuchea .
0	(The LORD; told about the path of prosperity and success; )	The LORD	told about the path of prosperity and success		The LORD told Joshua about the path of prosperity and success .
1	(The LORD; told; Joshua)	The LORD	told	Joshua	The LORD told Joshua about the path of prosperity and success .
1	(The LORD; told Joshua; about the path of prosperity and success)	The LORD	told Joshua	about the path of prosperity and success	The LORD told Joshua about the path of prosperity and success .
1	(The LRA; has abducted; more than 20,000 children)	The LRA	has abducted	more than 20,000 children	The LRA has abducted more than 20,000 children .
1	(The Master bedroom; has; a King size bed cable TV , DVD and VCR)	The Master bedroom	has	a King size bed cable TV , DVD and VCR	The Master bedroom has a King size bed cable TV , DVD and VCR.
1	(The Regiment; returned; in 1769)	The Regiment	returned	in 1769	The Regiment returned to England in 1769 much weakened by death injury and disease , and did not reach full effectiveness until 1775 .
1	(The Regiment; returned; to England)	The Regiment	returned	to England	The Regiment returned to England in 1769 much weakened by death injury and disease , and did not reach full effectiveness until 1775 .
1	(The United States; emerged; from World War I)	The United States	emerged	from World War I	The United States emerged from World War I with its confidence and prosperity intact .
1	(some Republicans; are having; second thoughts)	some Republicans	are having	second thoughts	The Washington Post reported last week that some Republicans are having second thoughts .
0	(The Washington Post; reported that some Republicans are having second thoughts; )	The Washington Post	reported that some Republicans are having second thoughts		The Washington Post reported last week that some Republicans are having second thoughts .
1	(The Washington Post; reported that some Republicans are having second thoughts; last week)	The Washington Post	reported that some Republicans are having second thoughts	last week	The Washington Post reported last week that some Republicans are having second thoughts .
1	(The Washington Post; reported; that some Republicans are having second thoughts)	The Washington Post	reported	that some Republicans are having second thoughts	The Washington Post reported last week that some Republicans are having second thoughts .
1	(The committee; meets; on the first Thursday of each month)	The committee	meets	on the first Thursday of each month	The committee meets on the first Thursday of each month at 4:30 pm .
1	(The committee; meets; at 4:30 pm)	The committee	meets	at 4:30 pm	The committee meets on the first Thursday of each month at 4:30 pm .
1	(The company; has entities; in 5 locations in 5 countries)	The company	has entities	in 5 locations in 5 countries	The company is located in Europe and has entities in 5 locations in 5 countries .
1	(The company; is located; in Europe)	The company	is located	in Europe	The company is located in Europe and has entities in 5 locations in 5 countries .
1	(The company; has; entities)	The company	has	entities	The company is located in Europe and has entities in 5 locations in 5 countries .
1	(The company; was founded; in 1982)	The company	was founded	in 1982	The company was founded in 1982 and is headquartered in Atlanta , Georgia .
1	(The company; is headquartered; in Atlanta)	The company	is headquartered	in Atlanta	The company was founded in 1982 and is headquartered in Atlanta , Georgia .
1	(The company; was founded; in 1995)	The company	was founded	in 1995	The company was founded in 1995 and is based in Hong Kong , Hong Kong .
1	(The company; is based; in Hong Kong)	The company	is based	in Hong Kong	The company was founded in 1995 and is based in Hong Kong , Hong Kong .
1	(The couple; are on a second honeymoon; when Seymour commits suicide)	The couple	are on a second honeymoon	when Seymour commits suicide	The couple are on a second honeymoon , when Seymour commits suicide .
1	(Seymour; commits; suicide)	Seymour	commits	suicide	The couple are on a second honeymoon , when Seymour commits suicide .
1	(The couple; are; on a second honeymoon)	The couple	are	on a second honeymoon	The couple are on a second honeymoon , when Seymour commits suicide .
1	(The date; was; June 12)	The date	was	June 12	The date was June 12 , l998.
0	(The film , which stars Samuel L. Jackson; is slated; for release on &lt;D&gt;Aug)	The film , which stars Samuel L. Jackson	is slated	for release on &lt;D&gt;Aug	The film , which stars Samuel L. Jackson , is slated for release on &lt;D&gt;Aug.
1	(The film , which stars Samuel L. Jackson; is slated; for release on &lt:D&gt:Aug)	The film , which stars Samuel L. Jackson	is slated	for release on &lt:D&gt:Aug	The film , which stars Samuel L. Jackson , is slated for release on &lt;D&gt;Aug.
1	(The film; stars; Samuel L. Jackson)	The film	stars	Samuel L. Jackson	The film , which stars Samuel L. Jackson , is slated for release on &lt;D&gt;Aug.
1	(The film; stars; Simon Pegg and Nick Frost)	The film	stars	Simon Pegg and Nick Frost	The film , which stars Simon Pegg and Nick Frost , held off a challenge from Nicolas Cage 's comic book film Ghost Rider , which entered at number two .
1	(Nicolas Cage 's comic book film Ghost; entered; at number two)	Nicolas Cage 's comic book film Ghost	entered	at number two	The film , which stars Simon Pegg and Nick Frost , held off a challenge from Nicolas Cage 's comic book film Ghost Rider , which entered at number two .
1	(The film , which stars Simon Pegg and Nick Frost; held off; a challenge from Nicolas Cage 's comic book film Ghost)	The film , which stars Simon Pegg and Nick Frost	held off	a challenge from Nicolas Cage 's comic book film Ghost	The film , which stars Simon Pegg and Nick Frost , held off a challenge from Nicolas Cage 's comic book film Ghost Rider , which entered at number two .
1	(The film; closed; the 2007 Sundance Film Festival)	The film	closed	the 2007 Sundance Film Festival	The film closed the 2007 Sundance Film Festival and starred Queen Latifah .
1	(The film; starred; Queen Latifah)	The film	starred	Queen Latifah	The film closed the 2007 Sundance Film Festival and starred Queen Latifah .
1	(The film; stars; Donald Sutherland , Janet Suzman , Zakes Mokae , Jrgen Prochnow , Susan Sarandon and Marlon Brando)	The film	stars	Donald Sutherland , Janet Suzman , Zakes Mokae , Jrgen Prochnow , Susan Sarandon and Marlon Brando	The film stars Donald Sutherland , Janet Suzman , Zakes Mokae , Jrgen Prochnow , Susan Sarandon and Marlon Brando .
1	(The firm; has; offices in Columbus , New York City , Seattle , San Francisco , Los Angeles , London , Beijing , and Shanghai)	The firm	has	offices in Columbus , New York City , Seattle , San Francisco , Los Angeles , London , Beijing , and Shanghai	The firm has offices in Columbus , New York City , Seattle , San Francisco , Los Angeles , London , Beijing , and Shanghai .
1	(the Knicks; turned; the tables)	the Knicks	turned	the tables	The following bladez moby sport 33cc gas scooter , the Knicks turned the tables on the Lakers and defeated them in five games to sprint layoffs their second NBA Championship in three years .
1	(the Knicks; defeated them; in five games)	the Knicks	defeated them	in five games	The following bladez moby sport 33cc gas scooter , the Knicks turned the tables on the Lakers and defeated them in five games to sprint layoffs their second NBA Championship in three years .
0	(the Knicks; defeated; them)	the Knicks	defeated	them	The following bladez moby sport 33cc gas scooter , the Knicks turned the tables on the Lakers and defeated them in five games to sprint layoffs their second NBA Championship in three years .
1	(the Knicks; defeated them; in three years)	the Knicks	defeated them	in three years	The following bladez moby sport 33cc gas scooter , the Knicks turned the tables on the Lakers and defeated them in five games to sprint layoffs their second NBA Championship in three years .
1	(The game; will be televised; on ESPN2)	The game	will be televised	on ESPN2	The game will be nationally televised on ESPN2 and will include a special halftime performance by the world-renowned Grambling Tiger Marching Band .
1	(The game; will include; a special halftime performance by the world-renowned Grambling Tiger Marching Band)	The game	will include	a special halftime performance by the world-renowned Grambling Tiger Marching Band	The game will be nationally televised on ESPN2 and will include a special halftime performance by the world-renowned Grambling Tiger Marching Band .
1	(The game; will be televised; nationally)	The game	will be televised	nationally	The game will be nationally televised on ESPN2 and will include a special halftime performance by the world-renowned Grambling Tiger Marching Band .
1	(The master bedroom; contains; one king bed)	The master bedroom	contains	one king bed	The master bedroom contains one king bed , while the 2nd bedroom has 2 twin beds .
1	(the 2nd bedroom; has; 2 twin beds)	the 2nd bedroom	has	2 twin beds	The master bedroom contains one king bed , while the 2nd bedroom has 2 twin beds .
1	(The other alternative; is; Hillary)	The other alternative	is	Hillary	The other alternative is Hillary , which would be a disaster .
0	(it; 's; a friendly local bar)	it	's	a friendly local bar	The owners are from Chicago and it 's a friendly local bar .
1	(The owners; are; from Chicago)	The owners	are	from Chicago	The owners are from Chicago and it 's a friendly local bar .
1	(The repairman; came; late today)	The repairman	came	late today	The repairman came late today before Chris left for work , so he did n't have time to go by and pick up my book .
1	(The repairman; came; before Chris left for work)	The repairman	came	before Chris left for work	The repairman came late today before Chris left for work , so he did n't have time to go by and pick up my book .
1	(Chris; left; for work)	Chris	left	for work	The repairman came late today before Chris left for work , so he did n't have time to go by and pick up my book .
0	(he; so did n't have to pick up; my book)	he	so did n't have to pick up	my book	The repairman came late today before Chris left for work , so he did n't have time to go by and pick up my book .
0	(he; so did n't have to pick up my book; time)	he	so did n't have to pick up my book	time	The repairman came late today before Chris left for work , so he did n't have time to go by and pick up my book .
0	(he; so did n't have; time to go by and pick up my book)	he	so did n't have	time to go by and pick up my book	The repairman came late today before Chris left for work , so he did n't have time to go by and pick up my book .
1	(The seminar; will be held; in English)	The seminar	will be held	in English	The seminar will be held in English with simultaneous translation in Italian .
1	(The story; appeared; in The New York Times)	The story	appeared	in The New York Times	The story appeared in The New York Times , Daily Business News , The Miami Herald , and 14 other publications nationwide .
1	(The student; will use the book , computer and the Internet; as their source of information)	The student	will use the book , computer and the Internet	as their source of information	The student will use the book , computer and the Internet as their source of information .
1	(The student; will use; the book , computer and the Internet)	The student	will use	the book , computer and the Internet	The student will use the book , computer and the Internet as their source of information .
1	(The temple; will be rebuilt; in Jerusalem)	The temple	will be rebuilt	in Jerusalem	The temple will be rebuilt in Jerusalem , and the sacrificial system will be reinstated .
1	(the sacrificial system; will be reinstated; )	the sacrificial system	will be reinstated		The temple will be rebuilt in Jerusalem , and the sacrificial system will be reinstated .
0	(Their reason; enslaved; its entire people)	Their reason	enslaved	its entire people	Their reason : Israel has occupied Palestine and enslaved its entire people .
0	(Their reason; has occupied; Palestine)	Their reason	has occupied	Palestine	Their reason : Israel has occupied Palestine and enslaved its entire people .
1	(people; hate; Israel)	people	hate	Israel	There are people who hate Israel .
1	(These states; included; California , Florida , Minnesota , Washington , and Oregon)	These states	included	California , Florida , Minnesota , Washington , and Oregon	These states included California , Florida , Minnesota , Washington , and Oregon .
0	(it; is; common)	it	is	common	Thirdly , the Philippines is a tropical country and it is common for shirts worn untucked because of the hot climate .
1	(the Philippines; is; a tropical country and it is common for shirts)	the Philippines	is	a tropical country and it is common for shirts	Thirdly , the Philippines is a tropical country and it is common for shirts worn untucked because of the hot climate .
1	(shirts; worn; untucked)	shirts	worn	untucked	Thirdly , the Philippines is a tropical country and it is common for shirts worn untucked because of the hot climate .
0	(shirts; worn; because of the hot climate)	shirts	worn	because of the hot climate	Thirdly , the Philippines is a tropical country and it is common for shirts worn untucked because of the hot climate .
1	(the Colts; win; the Super Bowl)	the Colts	win	the Super Bowl	This past baseball season the Tigers were American League Champions and went to the World Series , and now the Colts do one better and win the Super Bowl .
1	(the Tigers; were; American League Champions)	the Tigers	were	American League Champions	This past baseball season the Tigers were American League Champions and went to the World Series , and now the Colts do one better and win the Super Bowl .
1	(American League Champions; went; to the World Series)	American League Champions	went	to the World Series	This past baseball season the Tigers were American League Champions and went to the World Series , and now the Colts do one better and win the Super Bowl .
1	(the Tigers; were American League Champions; This past baseball season)	the Tigers	were American League Champions	This past baseball season	This past baseball season the Tigers were American League Champions and went to the World Series , and now the Colts do one better and win the Super Bowl .
1	(American League Champions; went; This past baseball season)	American League Champions	went	This past baseball season	This past baseball season the Tigers were American League Champions and went to the World Series , and now the Colts do one better and win the Super Bowl .
0	(the Colts; do; now)	the Colts	do	now	This past baseball season the Tigers were American League Champions and went to the World Series , and now the Colts do one better and win the Super Bowl .
1	(This photo; was taken; in September)	This photo	was taken	in September	This photo was taken in September when Bounder was about 4 to 7 days old .
1	(This photo; was taken; when Bounder was about 4 to 7 days old)	This photo	was taken	when Bounder was about 4 to 7 days old	This photo was taken in September when Bounder was about 4 to 7 days old .
1	(Bounder; was; about 4 to 7 days old)	Bounder	was	about 4 to 7 days old	This photo was taken in September when Bounder was about 4 to 7 days old .
1	(Christmas; is; at my house)	Christmas	is	at my house	This year , she says , Christmas is at my house and Thanksgiving is at Sharyl 's .
1	(Thanksgiving; is; at Sharyl 's)	Thanksgiving	is	at Sharyl 's	This year , she says , Christmas is at my house and Thanksgiving is at Sharyl 's .
0	(she; says; Christmas is at my house and Thanksgiving is at Sharyl 's)	she	says	Christmas is at my house and Thanksgiving is at Sharyl 's	This year , she says , Christmas is at my house and Thanksgiving is at Sharyl 's .
1	(Christmas; is at my house; This year)	Christmas	is at my house	This year	This year , she says , Christmas is at my house and Thanksgiving is at Sharyl 's .
1	(G brands; touch; the lives of people around the world)	G brands	touch	the lives of people around the world	Three billion times a day , P&amp;G brands touch the lives of people around the world .
1	(Three to four sets of Manila ropes; are being preserved carefully; in both jails)	Three to four sets of Manila ropes	are being preserved carefully	in both jails	Three to four sets of Manila ropes , which were acquired when India was still under British rule , are being preserved carefully in both jails for execution purposes .
1	(Three to four sets of Manila ropes; are being preserved carefully; for execution purposes)	Three to four sets of Manila ropes	are being preserved carefully	for execution purposes	Three to four sets of Manila ropes , which were acquired when India was still under British rule , are being preserved carefully in both jails for execution purposes .
1	(Three to four sets of; were acquired; when India was still under British rule)	Three to four sets of	were acquired	when India was still under British rule	Three to four sets of Manila ropes , which were acquired when India was still under British rule , are being preserved carefully in both jails for execution purposes .
1	(India; was under British rule; still)	India	was under British rule	still	Three to four sets of Manila ropes , which were acquired when India was still under British rule , are being preserved carefully in both jails for execution purposes .
1	(India; was; under British rule)	India	was	under British rule	Three to four sets of Manila ropes , which were acquired when India was still under British rule , are being preserved carefully in both jails for execution purposes .
1	(Tickets; are $ 10 for; adults)	Tickets	are $ 10 for	adults	Tickets are $ 10 for adults , $ 5 for children and are available in advance as well as at the door .
1	(Tickets; are; $ 10 for adults , $ 5 for children)	Tickets	are	$ 10 for adults , $ 5 for children	Tickets are $ 10 for adults , $ 5 for children and are available in advance as well as at the door .
1	(Tickets; are available; in advance as well as)	Tickets	are available	in advance as well as	Tickets are $ 10 for adults , $ 5 for children and are available in advance as well as at the door .
1	(Tickets; are; available)	Tickets	are	available	Tickets are $ 10 for adults , $ 5 for children and are available in advance as well as at the door .
1	(Tickets; are available; in advance)	Tickets	are available	in advance	Tickets are $ 10 for adults , $ 5 for children and are available in advance as well as at the door .
1	(Tickets; are sold; on board the airport bus)	Tickets	are sold	on board the airport bus	Tickets are sold on board the airport bus .
1	(children under 12; are admitted; free)	children under 12	are admitted	free	Tickets cost $ 20 per person , and children under 12 are admitted free .
1	(Tickets; cost; $ 20 per person)	Tickets	cost	$ 20 per person	Tickets cost $ 20 per person , and children under 12 are admitted free .
1	(Tickets; will be sold; at the door at the festival for a slightly higher price of 19 euros)	Tickets	will be sold	at the door at the festival for a slightly higher price of 19 euros	Tickets will also be sold at the door at the festival for a slightly higher price of 19 euros .
1	(Tipoff; is slated; for 7 pm in the Drubner Center)	Tipoff	is slated	for 7 pm in the Drubner Center	Tipoff is slated for 7 pm in the Drubner Center .
0	(To a certain extent; do not blame; Romney)	To a certain extent	do not blame	Romney	To a certain extent , I do not blame Romney , who is running for President in a time of Islamophobia , a powerful political tool .
1	(Romney; is running for President; in a time of Islamophobia)	Romney	is running for President	in a time of Islamophobia	To a certain extent , I do not blame Romney , who is running for President in a time of Islamophobia , a powerful political tool .
1	(Romney; is running; for President)	Romney	is running	for President	To a certain extent , I do not blame Romney , who is running for President in a time of Islamophobia , a powerful political tool .
1	(Tokyo Tsukiji Fish Market in Tokyo; is; an model behavior tourist stop)	Tokyo Tsukiji Fish Market in Tokyo	is	an model behavior tourist stop	Tokyo Tsukiji Fish Market in Tokyo is an model behavior tourist stop and is a sushi lovers paradise .
1	(Tokyo Tsukiji Fish Market in Tokyo; is; a sushi lovers paradise)	Tokyo Tsukiji Fish Market in Tokyo	is	a sushi lovers paradise	Tokyo Tsukiji Fish Market in Tokyo is an model behavior tourist stop and is a sushi lovers paradise .
0	(tourist; stop; )	tourist	stop		Tokyo Tsukiji Fish Market in Tokyo is an model behavior tourist stop and is a sushi lovers paradise .
1	(Total RNA; is extracted; from these samples)	Total RNA	is extracted	from these samples	Total RNA is extracted from these samples using established methods andcDNA was generated for use in the real time quantitative PCR procedure .
1	(Turkey; is; in Europe)	Turkey	is	in Europe	Turkey is in Europe and is the best State of the World !
1	(Turkey; is; the best State of the World)	Turkey	is	the best State of the World	Turkey is in Europe and is the best State of the World !
1	(Turkish membership of the EU; should be barred; just because Turkey is Muslim)	Turkish membership of the EU	should be barred	just because Turkey is Muslim	Turkish membership of the EU should be barred just because Turkey is Muslim .
1	(Turkey; just is; Muslim)	Turkey	just is	Muslim	Turkish membership of the EU should be barred just because Turkey is Muslim .
1	(Visitation; will be; from 1 to 3 pm Sunday at DL Newcomer Funeral Home)	Visitation	will be	from 1 to 3 pm Sunday at DL Newcomer Funeral Home	Visitation will be from 1 to 3 pm Sunday at DL Newcomer Funeral Home , Brodhead .
1	(Visitation; will be from 6-8 PM; Friday)	Visitation	will be from 6-8 PM	Friday	Visitation will be from 6-8 PM Friday at the Schilling Funeral Home .
1	(Visitation; will be from 6-8 PM; at the Schilling Funeral Home)	Visitation	will be from 6-8 PM	at the Schilling Funeral Home	Visitation will be from 6-8 PM Friday at the Schilling Funeral Home .
1	(Visitation; will be; from 6-8 PM)	Visitation	will be	from 6-8 PM	Visitation will be from 6-8 PM Friday at the Schilling Funeral Home .
1	(Wal-Mart; has been in the news; lately)	Wal-Mart	has been in the news	lately	Wal-Mart has been in the news lately on a number of fronts .
1	(Wal-Mart; has been in the news; on a number of fronts)	Wal-Mart	has been in the news	on a number of fronts	Wal-Mart has been in the news lately on a number of fronts .
1	(Wal-Mart; has been; in the news)	Wal-Mart	has been	in the news	Wal-Mart has been in the news lately on a number of fronts .
0	(We certainly have n't lost the war; told; reporters)	We certainly have n't lost the war	told	reporters	We certainly have n't lost the war , Perry told reporters .
0	(We; certainly have n't lost; the war)	We	certainly have n't lost	the war	We certainly have n't lost the war , Perry told reporters .
1	(Candida; is; yeast)	Candida	is	yeast	Well , Candida is yeast ; yes , just like any common yeast infection .
0	(We; ve had a great response; so far)	We	ve had a great response	so far	Weve had a great response so far but the more the merrier so be sure to let us know if you are interested .
0	(the more the merrier; to let; us know if you are interested)	the more the merrier	to let	us know if you are interested	Weve had a great response so far but the more the merrier so be sure to let us know if you are interested .
0	(We; ve; had a great response so far)	We	ve	had a great response so far	Weve had a great response so far but the more the merrier so be sure to let us know if you are interested .
0	(us; know; if you are interested)	us	know	if you are interested	Weve had a great response so far but the more the merrier so be sure to let us know if you are interested .
0	(the more the merrier; be; sure to let us know if you are interested)	the more the merrier	be	sure to let us know if you are interested	Weve had a great response so far but the more the merrier so be sure to let us know if you are interested .
0	(We; ve had; a great response)	We	ve had	a great response	Weve had a great response so far but the more the merrier so be sure to let us know if you are interested .
0	(you; are; interested)	you	are	interested	Weve had a great response so far but the more the merrier so be sure to let us know if you are interested .
0	(the only major party; effectively functioning; on the national level)	the only major party	effectively functioning	on the national level	When Andrew Jackson was elected president in 1828 , his party was the only major party effectively functioning in the United States on the national level .
0	(the only major party; effectively functioning; in the United States)	the only major party	effectively functioning	in the United States	When Andrew Jackson was elected president in 1828 , his party was the only major party effectively functioning in the United States on the national level .
1	(his party; was; the only major party effectively functioning in the United States on the national level)	his party	was	the only major party effectively functioning in the United States on the national level	When Andrew Jackson was elected president in 1828 , his party was the only major party effectively functioning in the United States on the national level .
1	(his party; was the only major party effectively functioning in the United States on the national level; When Andrew Jackson was elected president in 1828)	his party	was the only major party effectively functioning in the United States on the national level	When Andrew Jackson was elected president in 1828	When Andrew Jackson was elected president in 1828 , his party was the only major party effectively functioning in the United States on the national level .
1	(Andrew Jackson; was elected; president)	Andrew Jackson	was elected	president	When Andrew Jackson was elected president in 1828 , his party was the only major party effectively functioning in the United States on the national level .
0	(it; gave the authority to take the necessary measured force; )	it	gave the authority to take the necessary measured force		When Congress passed the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution in August 1964 it gave the President the authority to take the necessary measured force to protect American involvement .
1	(the President; to take the necessary measured force; to protect American involvement)	the President	to take the necessary measured force	to protect American involvement	When Congress passed the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution in August 1964 it gave the President the authority to take the necessary measured force to protect American involvement .
1	(Congress; passed the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution; in August 1964)	Congress	passed the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution	in August 1964	When Congress passed the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution in August 1964 it gave the President the authority to take the necessary measured force to protect American involvement .
1	(Congress; passed; the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution)	Congress	passed	the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution	When Congress passed the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution in August 1964 it gave the President the authority to take the necessary measured force to protect American involvement .
0	(it; gave; the President)	it	gave	the President	When Congress passed the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution in August 1964 it gave the President the authority to take the necessary measured force to protect American involvement .
0	(it; gave the President; the authority to take the necessary measured force)	it	gave the President	the authority to take the necessary measured force	When Congress passed the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution in August 1964 it gave the President the authority to take the necessary measured force to protect American involvement .
0	(it; gave the President; When Congress passed the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution in August 1964)	it	gave the President	When Congress passed the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution in August 1964	When Congress passed the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution in August 1964 it gave the President the authority to take the necessary measured force to protect American involvement .
1	(the President; to take; the necessary measured force)	the President	to take	the necessary measured force	When Congress passed the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution in August 1964 it gave the President the authority to take the necessary measured force to protect American involvement .
1	(January; turns; to February)	January	turns	to February	When January turns to February , you ca n't afford that kind of goal with any regularity .
0	(you; ca n't afford; that kind of goal)	you	ca n't afford	that kind of goal	When January turns to February , you ca n't afford that kind of goal with any regularity .
0	(you; ca n't afford that kind of goal; When January turns to February)	you	ca n't afford that kind of goal	When January turns to February	When January turns to February , you ca n't afford that kind of goal with any regularity .
1	(the electronics industry; was changed; forever)	the electronics industry	was changed	forever	When RoHS went into effect in the European Union , the electronics industry was changed forever .
1	(RoHS; went; into effect)	RoHS	went	into effect	When RoHS went into effect in the European Union , the electronics industry was changed forever .
1	(RoHS; went; in the European Union)	RoHS	went	in the European Union	When RoHS went into effect in the European Union , the electronics industry was changed forever .
1	(RoHS; went into effect; in the European Union)	RoHS	went into effect	in the European Union	When RoHS went into effect in the European Union , the electronics industry was changed forever .
1	(the electronics industry; was changed; When RoHS went into effect in the European Union)	the electronics industry	was changed	When RoHS went into effect in the European Union	When RoHS went into effect in the European Union , the electronics industry was changed forever .
1	(competition; was increasing in; 1984)	competition	was increasing in	1984	When the Labour Government came to power in 1984 the key strategy adopted for producing an internationally competitive economy , was increasing competition .
1	(the key strategy adopted for producing an internationally competitive economy; was increasing competition in; 1984)	the key strategy adopted for producing an internationally competitive economy	was increasing competition in	1984	When the Labour Government came to power in 1984 the key strategy adopted for producing an internationally competitive economy , was increasing competition .
1	(the key strategy adopted for producing an internationally competitive economy; was increasing; competition)	the key strategy adopted for producing an internationally competitive economy	was increasing	competition	When the Labour Government came to power in 1984 the key strategy adopted for producing an internationally competitive economy , was increasing competition .
1	(the Labour Government; came to; power)	the Labour Government	came to	power	When the Labour Government came to power in 1984 the key strategy adopted for producing an internationally competitive economy , was increasing competition .
1	(Jerusalem; being an open city under; neither nations control)	Jerusalem	being an open city under	neither nations control	When the UN created Israel they defined a specific geographical area for their nation and the remaining lands were to be for the establishment of an independent Arab nation with Jerusalem being an open city under neither nations control .
1	(the UN; created; Israel)	the UN	created	Israel	When the UN created Israel they defined a specific geographical area for their nation and the remaining lands were to be for the establishment of an independent Arab nation with Jerusalem being an open city under neither nations control .
0	(they; defined a specific geographical area for their nation and the remaining lands; When the UN created Israel)	they	defined a specific geographical area for their nation and the remaining lands	When the UN created Israel	When the UN created Israel they defined a specific geographical area for their nation and the remaining lands were to be for the establishment of an independent Arab nation with Jerusalem being an open city under neither nations control .
0	(they; defined; a specific geographical area for their nation and the remaining lands)	they	defined	a specific geographical area for their nation and the remaining lands	When the UN created Israel they defined a specific geographical area for their nation and the remaining lands were to be for the establishment of an independent Arab nation with Jerusalem being an open city under neither nations control .
1	(the Pats; played; the Colts)	the Pats	played	the Colts	Where was mika when the Pats played the Colts .
1	(Jerusalem; is the capital of; Israel)	Jerusalem	is the capital of	Israel	While Jerusalem is the capital of Israel , Tel Aviv is probably where Ahmadinejad envisions the nest of Jewish cockroaches as originating from .
1	(Ahmadinejad; envisions; the nest of Jewish cockroaches)	Ahmadinejad	envisions	the nest of Jewish cockroaches	While Jerusalem is the capital of Israel , Tel Aviv is probably where Ahmadinejad envisions the nest of Jewish cockroaches as originating from .
1	(Tel Aviv; is probably; where Ahmadinejad envisions the nest of Jewish cockroaches as originating from)	Tel Aviv	is probably	where Ahmadinejad envisions the nest of Jewish cockroaches as originating from	While Jerusalem is the capital of Israel , Tel Aviv is probably where Ahmadinejad envisions the nest of Jewish cockroaches as originating from .
1	(Jerusalem; is; the capital of Israel)	Jerusalem	is	the capital of Israel	While Jerusalem is the capital of Israel , Tel Aviv is probably where Ahmadinejad envisions the nest of Jewish cockroaches as originating from .
1	(the Wi-Fi ZONE logo; are trademarks of; the Wi-Fi Alliance)	the Wi-Fi ZONE logo	are trademarks of	the Wi-Fi Alliance	Wi-Fi and the Wi-Fi logo are registered trademarks of the Wi-Fi Alliance ; and Wi-Fi ZONE , the Wi-Fi CERTIFIED logo , the Wi-Fi Alliance logo and the Wi-Fi ZONE logo are trademarks of the Wi-Fi Alliance .
1	(Wi-Fi ZONE; are; trademarks of the Wi-Fi Alliance)	Wi-Fi ZONE	are	trademarks of the Wi-Fi Alliance	Wi-Fi and the Wi-Fi logo are registered trademarks of the Wi-Fi Alliance ; and Wi-Fi ZONE , the Wi-Fi CERTIFIED logo , the Wi-Fi Alliance logo and the Wi-Fi ZONE logo are trademarks of the Wi-Fi Alliance .
1	(the Romans; waited; for the arrival of Claudius)	the Romans	waited	for the arrival of Claudius	With the local tribes promptly subdued , the Romans built a fort and waited for the arrival of Claudius .
1	(the Romans; built; a fort)	the Romans	built	a fort	With the local tribes promptly subdued , the Romans built a fort and waited for the arrival of Claudius .
1	(Yao Ming; scored; 36 points)	Yao Ming	scored	36 points	Yao Ming scored 36 points and had 19 rebounds to help the Rockets hold on to beat the Warriors on Tuesday night .
0	(19 rebounds to help the Rockets; hold on; to beat the Warriors on Tuesday night)	19 rebounds to help the Rockets	hold on	to beat the Warriors on Tuesday night	Yao Ming scored 36 points and had 19 rebounds to help the Rockets hold on to beat the Warriors on Tuesday night .
1	(Yao Ming; had; 19 rebounds to help the Rockets)	Yao Ming	had	19 rebounds to help the Rockets	Yao Ming scored 36 points and had 19 rebounds to help the Rockets hold on to beat the Warriors on Tuesday night .
1	(Hitler; was; a christian)	Hitler	was	a christian	Yes , Virginia , Hitler was a christian .
1	(soldiers; will be; responsible for what they have done)	soldiers	will be	responsible for what they have done	You must understand that soldiers will be responsible for what they have done , Thaksin told reporters Thursday .
0	(You; must understand; that soldiers will be responsible for what they have done)	You	must understand	that soldiers will be responsible for what they have done	You must understand that soldiers will be responsible for what they have done , Thaksin told reporters Thursday .
1	(Thaksin; told; reporters)	Thaksin	told	reporters	You must understand that soldiers will be responsible for what they have done , Thaksin told reporters Thursday .
1	(Thaksin; told; Thursday)	Thaksin	told	Thursday	You must understand that soldiers will be responsible for what they have done , Thaksin told reporters Thursday .
0	(they; have done; )	they	have done		You must understand that soldiers will be responsible for what they have done , Thaksin told reporters Thursday .
1	(Thaksin; told reporters; Thursday)	Thaksin	told reporters	Thursday	You must understand that soldiers will be responsible for what they have done , Thaksin told reporters Thursday .
0	(You; ll give a hernia; )	You	ll give a hernia		Youll give yourself a hernia !
0	(You; ll give; yourself)	You	ll give	yourself	Youll give yourself a hernia !
0	(You; ll give yourself; a hernia)	You	ll give yourself	a hernia	Youll give yourself a hernia !
0	(You; ll; give yourself a hernia)	You	ll	give yourself a hernia	Youll give yourself a hernia !
