0	('s disease; is the leading cause of; dementia)	's disease	is the leading cause of	dementia	Alzheimer 's disease is the leading cause of dementia in the United States , and the number of Americans with Alzheimer 's could quadruple within 50 years , unless we find ways to prevent it .
0	('s; are; largely unknown to historians)	's	are	largely unknown to historians	It 's a known fact that Marlowe was stabbed to death , but the how 's and why 's are largely unknown to historians .
0	('s; see; before he spoke at the convention)	's	see	before he spoke at the convention	Let 's see , Arnold was governor before he spoke at the convention ; he was elected in November 2003 .
0	('s; why are; largely unknown to historians)	's	why are	largely unknown to historians	It 's a known fact that Marlowe was stabbed to death , but the how 's and why 's are largely unknown to historians .
0	(19 rebounds to help the Rockets; hold on; to beat the Warriors on Tuesday night)	19 rebounds to help the Rockets	hold on	to beat the Warriors on Tuesday night	Yao Ming scored 36 points and had 19 rebounds to help the Rockets hold on to beat the Warriors on Tuesday night .
0	(24&lt ;/D&gt; reported; unaudited financial results for its fourth quarter)	24&lt ;/D&gt	reported	unaudited financial results for its fourth quarter	24&lt ;/D&gt ; /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Broadcom Corporation today reported unaudited financial results for its fourth quarter and year ended December 31 , 2007 .
0	(30&lt ;/D&gt; promised; Blackwater USA bodyguards immunity from prose)	30&lt ;/D&gt	promised	Blackwater USA bodyguards immunity from prose	30&lt ;/D&gt ; - The State Department promised Blackwater USA bodyguards immunity from prose .
0	(8&lt ;/D&gt ; /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Eli Lilly and Company; announced; today)	8&lt ;/D&gt ; /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Eli Lilly and Company	announced	today	8&lt ;/D&gt ; /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Eli Lilly and Company announced today that the US 1/8 /08 - Millipore and Gen-Probe Launch First Real-Time Test for Detecting Microbial Contamination in Biopharmaceutical Applications Pharmaceutical Writers/Business Editors BILLERICA , Mass .
0	(9:30; am Tuesday at; the funeral home)	9:30	am Tuesday at	the funeral home	Funeral services will be at 9:30 am Tuesday at the funeral home and at 10 am at St .
0	(Abraham; told that God would provide for Himself the lamb for the burnt offering; )	Abraham	told that God would provide for Himself the lamb for the burnt offering		Abraham told Isaac that God would provide for Himself the lamb for the burnt offering .
0	(African Americans and Hispanics; are; more likely than whites)	African Americans and Hispanics	are	more likely than whites	In fact , African Americans and Hispanics are more likely than whites to support this reform--and for good reason .
0	(America; is; in fact)	America	is	in fact	To biblical Christians , America is in fact already a strange land and the West is far from home .
0	(An Islamist extremist; behead him; in a lock-up garage)	An Islamist extremist	behead him	in a lock-up garage	LONDON : An Islamist extremist hatched a plot to kidnap a British Muslim soldier on a night out in central England and behead him like a pig in a lock-up garage , a British court heard Tuesday .
0	(Another Saturday Night and; ai n't got; nobody)	Another Saturday Night and	ai n't got	nobody	Another Saturday Night and I ai n't got nobody . .
0	(Approx; run; 89 mins Detail)	Approx	run	89 mins Detail	System Requirements : Approx run time 89 mins Detail .
0	(Approx; run; time)	Approx	run	time	System Requirements : Approx run time 89 mins Detail .
0	(Arnold; was governor before; he)	Arnold	was governor before	he	Let 's see , Arnold was governor before he spoke at the convention ; he was elected in November 2003 .
0	(As far as I 'm concerned , direct payments are still on the table; told reporters; last week)	As far as I 'm concerned , direct payments are still on the table	told reporters	last week	As far as I 'm concerned , direct payments are still on the table , Harkin told reporters last week .
0	(Blogger; had problems; last night &amp)	Blogger	had problems	last night &amp	Blogger had problems last night &amp; as I did my blog hopping I noticed everyones pictures were missing so I held off uploading in case it would n't let me !
0	(Britain; is; of course)	Britain	is	of course	Britain is of course a very reliable ally , supporting us in almost everything we do internationally .
0	(Burial; will be in Bethel Cemetery; near here)	Burial	will be in Bethel Cemetery	near here	Burial will be in Bethel Cemetery near here .
0	(Bush; jokes; questions)	Bush	jokes	questions	Im not terribly bothered by this one-itsa bit aggressive , but it got a laugh , and McCain answered the question , unlike Bush , who jokes and evades questions .
0	(Callie; tells she ca n't compete with her; )	Callie	tells she ca n't compete with her		Callie tells Izzie she ca n't compete with her : George gets her .
0	(Catholics; surveyed; last week)	Catholics	surveyed	last week	But USA TODAY reported this week that 89 % of Catholics surveyed last week said a priest who has sexually abused a minor also should be removed from the priesthood , or defrocked .
0	(Christian; tells that he ended it with Michelle; )	Christian	tells that he ended it with Michelle		Christian tells Sean that he ended it with Michelle .
0	(Coffee; making; facilities)	Coffee	making	facilities	All rooms are en-suite and have Tea &amp; Coffee making facilities .
0	(Company; has been translated; into many languages)	Company	has been translated	into many languages	Published by WW Norton &amp; Company , the book had sold more than three million copies by the year 2000 and has been translated into many languages .
0	(Cookies; use session cookies; in order)	Cookies	use session cookies	in order	Cookies We use session cookies in order to serve information to you more quickly and efficiently and create a better user experience .
0	(DUBLIN; concedes; he 's no literary expert)	DUBLIN	concedes	he 's no literary expert	DUBLIN , Ireland-Will Ferrell has received the James Joyce award but concedes he 's no literary expert .
0	(DanMarshall; is; Locked in the same way)	DanMarshall	is	Locked in the same way	DanMarshall As far as I 'm aware , the Wii is Region Locked in the same way that DVD players are .
0	(Dave; When got; home from work)	Dave	When got	home from work	When Dave got home from work we started it .
0	(Dave; was; the first person)	Dave	was	the first person	So when it became a discussion , Dave was the first person .really the only person on my list .
0	(David; is; home)	David	is	home	If it snows and I 'm the one at work and David is home , he shovels .
0	(Dont; make; a big deal)	Dont	make	a big deal	Dont make a big deal about not remembering things .
0	(Dwight; to get; him)	Dwight	to get	him	Michael asked Dwight to get him a knife and duct tape for his camping trip .
0	(E; Augustines; evidence)	E	Augustines	evidence	E Augustines evidence is that Paul says that the law brings the knowledge of sin , and therefore Paul has in view the moral law .
0	(Earthlings; to know; that life exists on Mars)	Earthlings	to know	that life exists on Mars	They do not want Earthlings to know that life exists on Mars .
0	(Easter; is of; course)	Easter	is of	course	Easter is of course coming up .
0	(Europe; will run; the 21st century)	Europe	will run	the 21st century	The title of this book is misleading because no one believes Europe will run the 21st century , including the author himself .
0	(Fields marked with a red asterisks; must be completed; Salutation)	Fields marked with a red asterisks	must be completed	Salutation	Fields marked with a red asterisks * must be completed Salutation : Ms.
0	(Filming; returning; to reprise their respective roles as Carrie , Samantha , Charlotte and Miranda)	Filming	returning	to reprise their respective roles as Carrie , Samantha , Charlotte and Miranda	Filming began in September with Sarah Jessica Parker , Kim Cattrall , Kristin Davis and Cynthia Nixon returning to reprise their respective roles as Carrie , Samantha , Charlotte and Miranda .
0	(Florist &amp; Gifts; also delivers Adams Funeral &amp; Memorial Care , Advent Funeral &amp; Cremation , Alzheimer 's Care , Annapolis Life Care Inc , Annapolis Memorial Gardens , Annapolis Nursing &amp; Rehab to; the following facilities)	Florist &amp; Gifts	also delivers Adams Funeral &amp; Memorial Care , Advent Funeral &amp; Cremation , Alzheimer 's Care , Annapolis Life Care Inc , Annapolis Memorial Gardens , Annapolis Nursing &amp; Rehab to	the following facilities	Florist &amp; Gifts also delivers to the following facilities : Adams Funeral &amp; Memorial Care , Advent Funeral &amp; Cremation , Alzheimer 's Care , Annapolis Life Care Inc , Annapolis Memorial Gardens , Annapolis Nursing &amp; Rehab .
0	(Florist &amp; Gifts; also delivers; Adams Funeral &amp; Memorial Care)	Florist &amp; Gifts	also delivers	Adams Funeral &amp; Memorial Care	Florist &amp; Gifts also delivers to the following facilities : Adams Funeral &amp; Memorial Care , Advent Funeral &amp; Cremation , Alzheimer 's Care , Annapolis Life Care Inc , Annapolis Memorial Gardens , Annapolis Nursing &amp; Rehab .
0	(Former UN chief Kofi Annan; brought Kenya 's political rivals; )	Former UN chief Kofi Annan	brought Kenya 's political rivals		Former UN chief Kofi Annan brought together Kenya 's political rivals on Tuesday in a push to end a post-election crisis and deepening tribal bloodshed .
0	(France; became; the first country)	France	became	the first country	In 1998 , France became the first country to stop requiring hepatitis B vaccination for schoolchildren .
0	(George; gets; her)	George	gets	her	Callie tells Izzie she ca n't compete with her : George gets her .
0	(George; was the guy that; you)	George	was the guy that	you	George was the guy that you met when you wanted to be introduced to Ranger baseball .
0	(God; would provide the lamb for the burnt offering; )	God	would provide the lamb for the burnt offering		Abraham told Isaac that God would provide for Himself the lamb for the burnt offering .
0	(Google; does not do; anything other)	Google	does not do	anything other	Likewise , Google does not do anything other than execute search algorithms on the search terms you enter .
0	(HD DVD resistance useless Gartner; is singing HD DVD 's swan song; this morning)	HD DVD resistance useless Gartner	is singing HD DVD 's swan song	this morning	Gartner : Blu-ray to win in 2008 , HD DVD resistance useless Gartner , the fat lady of research firms , is singing HD DVD 's swan song this morning .
0	(Haaretz; reports Obama : opponents trying to weaken my support in Jewish communities; )	Haaretz	reports Obama : opponents trying to weaken my support in Jewish communities		Betz , Haaretz reports today , Obama : opponents trying to weaken my support in Jewish communities .
0	(Haaretz; reports; Obama : opponents trying to weaken my support in Jewish communities)	Haaretz	reports	Obama : opponents trying to weaken my support in Jewish communities	Betz , Haaretz reports today , Obama : opponents trying to weaken my support in Jewish communities .
0	(He; said; he was preparing the way for the LORD in fulfillment of Isaiah 40:3)	He	said	he was preparing the way for the LORD in fulfillment of Isaiah 40:3	This is why the Jews thought John was Elijah come again , because He said he was preparing the way for the LORD in fulfillment of Isaiah 40:3.
0	(He; said; that Jesus had done nothing wrong and did n't deserve to be killed)	He	said	that Jesus had done nothing wrong and did n't deserve to be killed	He also said that Jesus had done nothing wrong and did n't deserve to be killed .
0	(He; said; the intelligence services had never said Saddam Hussein was an imminent threat but stood by warnings about the future danger)	He	said	the intelligence services had never said Saddam Hussein was an imminent threat but stood by warnings about the future danger	He said the intelligence services had never said Saddam Hussein was an imminent threat but stood by warnings about the future danger he could pose .
0	(He; set us; free)	He	set us	free	In his down-to-earth style , Bob George shows us the way back to authentic Christianity ; the kind that Christ had in mind when He set us free .
0	(Henry; made head; of the church)	Henry	made head	of the church	Henry made himself head of the church and confiscated all the churchs lands for his own .
0	(Humans; are; in fact)	Humans	are	in fact	Humans are in fact biologically programmed for what has become known as extended breastfeeding .
0	(I; 'm not; crazy about any of the candidates)	I	'm not	crazy about any of the candidates	I 'm not crazy about any of the candidates , but I think Romney is the best choice .
0	(I; 'm; the one at work)	I	'm	the one at work	If it snows and I 'm the one at work and David is home , he shovels .
0	(I; Like; this)	I	Like	this	I Like this quote I dislike this quote Now the LORD had prepared a great fish to swallow up Jonah .
0	(I; Love; all Animals)	I	Love	all Animals	My name is Rachael and I Love all Animals !
0	(I; about how wanted to do; this)	I	about how wanted to do	this	Robin : Ive talked to many people over the years and have gotten great quotes that helped me formulate ideas about how I wanted to do this .
0	(I; about how wanted; to do this)	I	about how wanted	to do this	Robin : Ive talked to many people over the years and have gotten great quotes that helped me formulate ideas about how I wanted to do this .
0	(I; am betting; that Hillary takes the nomination)	I	am betting	that Hillary takes the nomination	I am betting that Hillary takes the nomination .
0	(I; am; 12 years)	I	am	12 years	My name is George , I am 12 years old and I live in Adelaide , which is the capital city of South Australia .
0	(I; am; a beliver)	I	am	a beliver	I am a beliver and know Jesus is lord and God and the Holy Spirit watches over all of us .
0	(I; am; afraid that Jeff hit the nail on the head)	I	am	afraid that Jeff hit the nail on the head	I am afraid that Jeff hit the nail on the head .
0	(I; am; from Bulgaria)	I	am	from Bulgaria	Oops I am sorry I forget to present myself my name is Ivan and I am from Bulgaria .
0	(I; am; sorry I forget to present myself)	I	am	sorry I forget to present myself	Oops I am sorry I forget to present myself my name is Ivan and I am from Bulgaria .
0	(I; believe; Sony was the only company)	I	believe	Sony was the only company	I believe Sony was the only company that even MADE a 40 4:3 Tube HDTV , and they stopped manufacturing it three or four years ago because it was just too big .
0	(I; believe; it 's more likely that the link will be around now that Google owns YouTube)	I	believe	it 's more likely that the link will be around now that Google owns YouTube	I believe it 's more likely that the link will be around now that Google owns YouTube .
0	(I; believe; the Democrats won majorities largely on the basis of dissatisfaction with Republicans who acted like Democrats in terms of spending , deal-making and corruption)	I	believe	the Democrats won majorities largely on the basis of dissatisfaction with Republicans who acted like Democrats in terms of spending , deal-making and corruption	I believe the Democrats won majorities largely on the basis of dissatisfaction with Republicans who acted like Democrats in terms of spending , deal-making and corruption .
0	(I; bet; you were so happy to see Jeff Gordon win the race)	I	bet	you were so happy to see Jeff Gordon win the race	I bet you were so happy to see Jeff Gordon win the race !
0	(I; ca n't believe everything that happens on the Internet; there is much truth to what we read)	I	ca n't believe everything that happens on the Internet	there is much truth to what we read	Although I recognize that I ca n't believe everything that happens on the Internet there is much truth to what we read .
0	(I; ca n't believe; she has n't figured out that Conan is Shinichi)	I	ca n't believe	she has n't figured out that Conan is Shinichi	I still ca n't believe she has n't figured out that Conan is Shinichi .
0	(I; could understand; that)	I	could understand	that	If this was the argument I continually heard for why people hate Kobe , then I could understand that , but IMO I do n't hear it used hardly ever .
0	(I; decided; that single men made better soldiers than married men)	I	decided	that single men made better soldiers than married men	In the 3rd century when Rome was in power , Claudius I I decided that single men made better soldiers than married men .
0	(I; did my blog; hopping)	I	did my blog	hopping	Blogger had problems last night &amp; as I did my blog hopping I noticed everyones pictures were missing so I held off uploading in case it would n't let me !
0	(I; did; a repair install of WinXP)	I	did	a repair install of WinXP	I then did a repair install of WinXP.
0	(I; dislike; this)	I	dislike	this	I Like this quote I dislike this quote Now the LORD had prepared a great fish to swallow up Jonah .
0	(I; do expect; the Democrats to pick up Congressional seats and think they have a good chance for the presidency , mostly because the Republicans are in disarray and their fundraising is not keeping pace with their opponents)	I	do expect	the Democrats to pick up Congressional seats and think they have a good chance for the presidency , mostly because the Republicans are in disarray and their fundraising is not keeping pace with their opponents	But I do expect the Democrats to pick up Congressional seats and think they have a good chance for the presidency , mostly because the Republicans are in disarray and their fundraising is not keeping pace with their opponents .
0	(I; do expect; the Democrats to pick up Congressional seats and think they have a good chance for the presidency)	I	do expect	the Democrats to pick up Congressional seats and think they have a good chance for the presidency	But I do expect the Democrats to pick up Congressional seats and think they have a good chance for the presidency , mostly because the Republicans are in disarray and their fundraising is not keeping pace with their opponents .
0	(I; do n't hear; it used hardly ever)	I	do n't hear	it used hardly ever	If this was the argument I continually heard for why people hate Kobe , then I could understand that , but IMO I do n't hear it used hardly ever .
0	(I; do n't know if dem is my family; because you have people who come from England an seh dem is my family)	I	do n't know if dem is my family	because you have people who come from England an seh dem is my family	They try to fin' me , but I do n't know if dem is my family , because you have people who come from England an seh dem is my family .
0	(I; do n't think; he would run as one if he was alive today)	I	do n't think	he would run as one if he was alive today	And , while Abraham Lincoln was a Republican , I do n't think he would run as one if he was alive today .
0	(I; do n't understand; why she was n't so keen on coming anyways)	I	do n't understand	why she was n't so keen on coming anyways	Rachel was in love with him since we showed up at Hogwarts , I do n't understand why she was n't so keen on coming anyways .
0	(I; do not believe; that Washington was a deist)	I	do not believe	that Washington was a deist	I have also said that I do not believe that Washington was a deist , as Jefferson was .
0	(I; do nt think; the problem is Iran as much as the existence of the weapons , and the former American administrations had programs for helping to dismantle some of the weapons from the former Soviet Union)	I	do nt think	the problem is Iran as much as the existence of the weapons , and the former American administrations had programs for helping to dismantle some of the weapons from the former Soviet Union	So I dont think the problem is Iran as much as the existence of the weapons , and the former American administrations had programs for helping to dismantle some of the weapons from the former Soviet Union .
0	(I; expect; he had more than cab fare)	I	expect	he had more than cab fare	Since Google bought Blogger , I expect he had more than cab fare .
0	(I; explained; that Woodson chose February)	I	explained	that Woodson chose February	Furthermore , I explained that Woodson chose February because he felt that the three greatest Americans were born during that month .
0	(I; forget to present; myself)	I	forget to present	myself	Oops I am sorry I forget to present myself my name is Ivan and I am from Bulgaria .
0	(I; forget; to present myself)	I	forget	to present myself	Oops I am sorry I forget to present myself my name is Ivan and I am from Bulgaria .
0	(I; got; terrified)	I	got	terrified	I thought England was a good team but then I saw Lomu hand off Will Carling , and walk over Tony Underwood , I got terrified .
0	(I; had mentioned my book; previously)	I	had mentioned my book	previously	I was n't sure I had mentioned my book previously , but it was clear to me that she and Paul were friends .
0	(I; have learned from our family; bible sharing and studies)	I	have learned from our family	bible sharing and studies	I have learned from our family bible sharing and studies , that Jesus is the only way to be saved .
0	(I; have said; that I do not believe that Washington was a deist)	I	have said	that I do not believe that Washington was a deist	I have also said that I do not believe that Washington was a deist , as Jefferson was .
0	(I; held off uploading; in case)	I	held off uploading	in case	Blogger had problems last night &amp; as I did my blog hopping I noticed everyones pictures were missing so I held off uploading in case it would n't let me !
0	(I; hope; Barcelona win the Champions League outright)	I	hope	Barcelona win the Champions League outright	I hope Barcelona win the Champions League outright .
0	(I; hope; Gibson really believes that the Jews run Hollywood)	I	hope	Gibson really believes that the Jews run Hollywood	I hope Gibson really believes that the Jews run Hollywood so that he 's REALLY shitting some holy bricks over this all getting out .
0	(I; hope; my limited influence will help to precipitate some steps)	I	hope	my limited influence will help to precipitate some steps	Carter went on to say , Israel needs peace and the Palestinian people need peace and justice and I hope my limited influence will help to precipitate some steps .
0	(I; imagine; it was assumed that Joseph was the father)	I	imagine	it was assumed that Joseph was the father	I imagine it was assumed that Joseph was the father .
0	(I; know; Jesus is lord and God and the Holy Spirit watches over all of us)	I	know	Jesus is lord and God and the Holy Spirit watches over all of us	I am a beliver and know Jesus is lord and God and the Holy Spirit watches over all of us .
0	(I; know; that Jesus was tempted by Satan)	I	know	that Jesus was tempted by Satan	I know that Jesus was tempted by Satan , but Satan was literally standing before Jesus .
0	(I; know; that nothing good lives in me)	I	know	that nothing good lives in me	First of all lets have a look at what Paul wrote in Romans 7:18 I know that nothing good lives in me , that is , in my sinful nature .
0	(I; know; that the heart is what can make unlikely things happen)	I	know	that the heart is what can make unlikely things happen	Now after seeing Venus Williams win Wimbledon , I know that the heart is what can make unlikely things happen .
0	(I; live in; Adelaide)	I	live in	Adelaide	My name is George , I am 12 years old and I live in Adelaide , which is the capital city of South Australia .
0	(I; love too; sports)	I	love too	sports	I love sports too , so Brett Favre is a great football player minus his 04-05 season , and Shaq is the man .
0	(I; mean; numerous weekends and Tim Days)	I	mean	numerous weekends and Tim Days	Weve had some good times me and Tim-Leeds Festival 2002/2003/2004 , Tenacious D 2003 , Hundred Reasons , Tenacious D 2007 and numerous , and I mean numerous weekends and Tim Days .
0	(I; need to coordinate interviews; ahead of time)	I	need to coordinate interviews	ahead of time	As Im typing this article , Ive received an email that I need to coordinate interviews ahead of time .
0	(I; need; to coordinate interviews ahead of time)	I	need	to coordinate interviews ahead of time	As Im typing this article , Ive received an email that I need to coordinate interviews ahead of time .
0	(I; noticed; everyones pictures were missing)	I	noticed	everyones pictures were missing	Blogger had problems last night &amp; as I did my blog hopping I noticed everyones pictures were missing so I held off uploading in case it would n't let me !
0	(I; noticed; that in Brody 's absence , Spencer told Heidi that she looked AMAZING on New Years)	I	noticed	that in Brody 's absence , Spencer told Heidi that she looked AMAZING on New Years	I noticed that in Brody 's absence , Spencer told Heidi that she looked AMAZING on New Years .
0	(I; recognize; that I ca n't believe everything that happens on the Internet there is much truth to what we read)	I	recognize	that I ca n't believe everything that happens on the Internet there is much truth to what we read	Although I recognize that I ca n't believe everything that happens on the Internet there is much truth to what we read .
0	(I; saw; Lomu hand off Will Carling)	I	saw	Lomu hand off Will Carling	I thought England was a good team but then I saw Lomu hand off Will Carling , and walk over Tony Underwood , I got terrified .
0	(I; see; why Jesus sent the DEMONS into the pigs)	I	see	why Jesus sent the DEMONS into the pigs	NOW I see why Jesus sent the DEMONS into the pigs , to make a point .
0	(I; so would love; to find a group nearby)	I	so would love	to find a group nearby	Ryan goes to school in Oak Hill so I would love to find a group nearby !
0	(I; think so far; Ive done a pretty good job)	I	think so far	Ive done a pretty good job	I think Ive done a pretty good job so far , though .
0	(I; think; Romney is the best choice)	I	think	Romney is the best choice	I 'm not crazy about any of the candidates , but I think Romney is the best choice .
0	(I; think; Ron Paul is the best choice for President in 2008)	I	think	Ron Paul is the best choice for President in 2008	I want these local Meetups because I think Ron Paul is the best choice for President in 2008 and would help point America in the right direction again .
0	(I; think; that is highly appropriate)	I	think	that is highly appropriate	I think that is highly appropriate , given the importance of these Games , Howard told parliament .
0	(I; thought; England was a good team but then I saw Lomu hand off Will Carling , and walk over Tony Underwood , I got terrified)	I	thought	England was a good team but then I saw Lomu hand off Will Carling , and walk over Tony Underwood , I got terrified	I thought England was a good team but then I saw Lomu hand off Will Carling , and walk over Tony Underwood , I got terrified .
0	(I; thought; Seattle had a chance)	I	thought	Seattle had a chance	I thought Seattle had a chance , but they had too many injuries to overcome to win .
0	(I; to take a taxi; to get my car)	I	to take a taxi	to get my car	Alex was at work so I had to take a taxi to get my car .
0	(I; to take to get; my car)	I	to take to get	my car	Alex was at work so I had to take a taxi to get my car .
0	(I; told you; so)	I	told you	so	Save the I told you so and look back at it when Boston wins the series .
0	(I; walk; over Tony Underwood)	I	walk	over Tony Underwood	I thought England was a good team but then I saw Lomu hand off Will Carling , and walk over Tony Underwood , I got terrified .
0	(I; want these local Meetups; because I think Ron Paul is the best choice for President in 2008 and would help point America in the right direction again)	I	want these local Meetups	because I think Ron Paul is the best choice for President in 2008 and would help point America in the right direction again	I want these local Meetups because I think Ron Paul is the best choice for President in 2008 and would help point America in the right direction again .
0	(I; wanted to do; this)	I	wanted to do	this	Robin : Ive talked to many people over the years and have gotten great quotes that helped me formulate ideas about how I wanted to do this .
0	(I; wanted; to do this)	I	wanted	to do this	Robin : Ive talked to many people over the years and have gotten great quotes that helped me formulate ideas about how I wanted to do this .
0	(I; was n't; sure I had mentioned my book previously)	I	was n't	sure I had mentioned my book previously	I was n't sure I had mentioned my book previously , but it was clear to me that she and Paul were friends .
0	(I; would do; in a general election campaign if Edwards is the nominee , but)	I	would do	in a general election campaign if Edwards is the nominee , but	Im not certain what I would do in a general election campaign if Edwards is the nominee , but Id hate to have to be in the positon of defending him .
0	(I; would never have done; that)	I	would never have done	that	I would never have done that , Beckham told reporters Monday , the Associated Press reported .
0	(Im; na do; that)	Im	na do	that	I mean literally , that s how its gone every time Ive done anything I said Im not gonna do that .
0	(Im; typing; this article)	Im	typing	this article	As Im typing this article , Ive received an email that I need to coordinate interviews ahead of time .
0	(India; is the only country in; the world)	India	is the only country in	the world	India is the only country in the world with no history of anti-semitism .
0	(Internet Explorer; go; to Tools)	Internet Explorer	go	to Tools	Internet Explorer go to Tools then Internet Options and at the bottom of that first tab is the Fonts button .
0	(Internet Options and; then is; the Fonts button)	Internet Options and	then is	the Fonts button	Internet Explorer go to Tools then Internet Options and at the bottom of that first tab is the Fonts button .
0	(Iraq; was the acquisition of; oil)	Iraq	was the acquisition of	oil	Ever since it became clear that Saddam Hussein had no weapons of mass destruction , it also became clear that the real purpose of the United States ' invasion of Iraq was the acquisition of oil .
0	(Israel cannot let Iran obtain nuclear weapons; said; Tuesday)	Israel cannot let Iran obtain nuclear weapons	said	Tuesday	Israel cannot let Iran obtain nuclear weapons , Acting Prime Minister Ehud Olmert said Tuesday , spearheading stepped up Israeli diplomatic efforts to help keep the Bomb out of Teherans hands .
0	(Israel; is not; an apartheid state , perhaps these articles might open a few minds and hearts)	Israel	is not	an apartheid state , perhaps these articles might open a few minds and hearts	To those that really believe Israel is not an apartheid state , perhaps these articles might open a few minds and hearts .
0	(Israel; when shoots; back)	Israel	when shoots	back	Hezbollah fires rockets into Israeli towns and cities , killing civilians , and then shouts war crimes when Israel shoots back and kills civilians .
0	(It; 's not tim masters; when one considers that the Eiffel Tower is the monumentore resources NY marriage Visa)	It	's not tim masters	when one considers that the Eiffel Tower is the monumentore resources NY marriage Visa	It 's not tim masters when one considers that the Eiffel Tower is the monumentore resources NY marriage Visa .
0	(It; 's; David)	It	's	David	It 's David meets Goliath this year on the Washington Hospital Board of Directors , with two Libertarian would-be reformers Gwen Todd and Steve Strayer running against three incumbents .
0	(It; 's; a known fact that Marlowe was stabbed to death)	It	's	a known fact that Marlowe was stabbed to death	It 's a known fact that Marlowe was stabbed to death , but the how 's and why 's are largely unknown to historians .
0	(It; does NOT prove; that Mohammed was the Prophet of God)	It	does NOT prove	that Mohammed was the Prophet of God	It does NOT prove that Mohammed was the Prophet of God .
0	(It; does; NOT)	It	does	NOT	It does NOT prove that Mohammed was the Prophet of God .
0	(It; is the time that; the sun)	It	is the time that	the sun	It is the time that the sun is directly over the equator and for people who live in North America , it 's the first day of fall .
0	(It; is; a unique facility in that it has multiple components including recreational programs , athletic activities and a computer learning center where users can access the Internet)	It	is	a unique facility in that it has multiple components including recreational programs , athletic activities and a computer learning center where users can access the Internet	It is a unique facility in that it has multiple components including recreational programs , athletic activities and a computer learning center where users can access the Internet .
0	(It; is; just such an appreciation that Nietzsche had in mind , I believe , as a this-worldly comfort)	It	is	just such an appreciation that Nietzsche had in mind , I believe , as a this-worldly comfort	It is just such an appreciation that Nietzsche had in mind , I believe , as a this-worldly comfort that could be learned .
0	(It; turns out; after Pelosi became speaker her son)	It	turns out	after Pelosi became speaker her son	It turns out that after Pelosi became speaker her son , Paul Pelosi jr .
0	(It; was some of; the most relaxing time)	It	was some of	the most relaxing time	It was some of the most relaxing time Ive had in a while .
0	(It; was; Henry Ford)	It	was	Henry Ford	It was Henry Ford who said history is bunk as he was busy reinventing American industry a century ago .
0	(It; was; obvious)	It	was	obvious	It was obvious that Firefox was the better browser .
0	(It; was; only when Jesus was in the boat and shouted , Peace be still that the disciples were saved from that terrible storm on the Sea of Galilee)	It	was	only when Jesus was in the boat and shouted , Peace be still that the disciples were saved from that terrible storm on the Sea of Galilee	It was only when Jesus was in the boat and shouted , Peace be still that the disciples were saved from that terrible storm on the Sea of Galilee .
0	(It; was; some of the most relaxing time)	It	was	some of the most relaxing time	It was some of the most relaxing time Ive had in a while .
0	(It; was; the concert tour where Britney met Kevin)	It	was	the concert tour where Britney met Kevin	It was the concert tour where Britney met Kevin , and weve had a hard time being spontaneous ever since .
0	(Itsa word; to describe Jesus; resurrected body)	Itsa word	to describe Jesus	resurrected body	Itsa word used to describe Jesus resurrected body .
0	(Itsa word; used; to describe Jesus resurrected body)	Itsa word	used	to describe Jesus resurrected body	Itsa word used to describe Jesus resurrected body .
0	(Ive; Especially spent in weblogging fighting; for women)	Ive	Especially spent in weblogging fighting	for women	Especially since Ive spent the last four years in weblogging fighting for women getting respect in the tech field .
0	(Ive; Especially spent in weblogging; fighting for women)	Ive	Especially spent in weblogging	fighting for women	Especially since Ive spent the last four years in weblogging fighting for women getting respect in the tech field .
0	(Ive; Especially spent the last four years; in weblogging fighting for women)	Ive	Especially spent the last four years	in weblogging fighting for women	Especially since Ive spent the last four years in weblogging fighting for women getting respect in the tech field .
0	(Ive; also got; ADD)	Ive	also got	ADD	Ive got ideas but Ive also got ADD and am prone to be captivated by bright and shinny objects .
0	(Ive; also heard; people say that Mike Vick is the best player)	Ive	also heard	people say that Mike Vick is the best player	Ive heard people say that Brett Farve is the best player to ever play QB , and Ive also heard people say that Mike Vick is the best player to ever play QB.
0	(Ive; am; prone to be captivated by bright and shinny objects)	Ive	am	prone to be captivated by bright and shinny objects	Ive got ideas but Ive also got ADD and am prone to be captivated by bright and shinny objects .
0	(Ive; been in training; all week)	Ive	been in training	all week	Ive been in training all week so have nt had a lot of time to post or play poker .
0	(Ive; ca nt remember; the website)	Ive	ca nt remember	the website	Ive seen this effect before but cant remember the website .
0	(Ive; come; to the conclusion that we need to make an alternative group of swear words)	Ive	come	to the conclusion that we need to make an alternative group of swear words	Ive recently come to the conclusion that we need to make an alternative group of swear words .
0	(Ive; done; a pretty good job)	Ive	done	a pretty good job	I think Ive done a pretty good job so far , though .
0	(Ive; encountered a problem; while trying to publish a sid file)	Ive	encountered a problem	while trying to publish a sid file	Ive encountered a problem while trying to publish a sid file .
0	(Ive; encountered trying; to publish a sid file)	Ive	encountered trying	to publish a sid file	Ive encountered a problem while trying to publish a sid file .
0	(Ive; found him; to have an insufferably erratic personality)	Ive	found him	to have an insufferably erratic personality	Ive met the guy and found him to have an insufferably erratic personality .
0	(Ive; got; a laptop running Windows XP ,)	Ive	got	a laptop running Windows XP ,	Ive got a laptop running Windows XP , which also has VMWare installed .
0	(Ive; got; ideas)	Ive	got	ideas	Ive got ideas but Ive also got ADD and am prone to be captivated by bright and shinny objects .
0	(Ive; had; a hard day)	Ive	had	a hard day	No one knows its there except me , and it comes out when Ive had a hard day .
0	(Ive; had; in a while)	Ive	had	in a while	It was some of the most relaxing time Ive had in a while .
0	(Ive; had; success)	Ive	had	success	Ive had success using .NET to create plugins .
0	(Ive; had; the best times)	Ive	had	the best times	Ive had the best times and made some awesome friends .
0	(Ive; have found; some ways the web has made my life easier)	Ive	have found	some ways the web has made my life easier	Ive just moved house and have found some ways the web has made my life easier .
0	(Ive; have gotten; great quotes that helped me formulate ideas about how I wanted to do this)	Ive	have gotten	great quotes that helped me formulate ideas about how I wanted to do this	Robin : Ive talked to many people over the years and have gotten great quotes that helped me formulate ideas about how I wanted to do this .
0	(Ive; heard this argument as well; again and again)	Ive	heard this argument as well	again and again	Ive heard this argument again and again as well .
0	(Ive; heard; people say that Brett Farve is the best player to ever play QB , and Ive also heard people say that Mike Vick is the best player)	Ive	heard	people say that Brett Farve is the best player to ever play QB , and Ive also heard people say that Mike Vick is the best player	Ive heard people say that Brett Farve is the best player to ever play QB , and Ive also heard people say that Mike Vick is the best player to ever play QB.
0	(Ive; heard; so many times that any DT wheel can be used as a single-treadle)	Ive	heard	so many times that any DT wheel can be used as a single-treadle	Ive heard so many times that any DT wheel can be used as a single-treadle if necessary .
0	(Ive; just moved; house and the trusty)	Ive	just moved	house and the trusty	Ive just moved house and the trusty PS3 is in storage !
0	(Ive; just moved; house)	Ive	just moved	house	Ive just moved house and have found some ways the web has made my life easier .
0	(Ive; learned two things; on my voyage of rejection)	Ive	learned two things	on my voyage of rejection	Ive learned two things on my voyage of rejection : 1 taste is subjective connections are EVERYTHING.
0	(Ive; made; some awesome friends)	Ive	made	some awesome friends	Ive had the best times and made some awesome friends .
0	(Ive; met; the guy)	Ive	met	the guy	Ive met the guy and found him to have an insufferably erratic personality .
0	(Ive; never actually tuned in to watch; a whole episode)	Ive	never actually tuned in to watch	a whole episode	Ive seen the commercials but Ive never actually tuned in to watch a whole episode .
0	(Ive; never actually tuned in; to watch a whole episode)	Ive	never actually tuned in	to watch a whole episode	Ive seen the commercials but Ive never actually tuned in to watch a whole episode .
0	(Ive; only had; the opportunity to test it in a select few)	Ive	only had	the opportunity to test it in a select few	Thats right this technique does not work in every browser and Ive only had the opportunity to test it in a select few .
0	(Ive; read in some places; that the debate was a major success for Hillary and other places)	Ive	read in some places	that the debate was a major success for Hillary and other places	Ive read in some places that the debate was a major success for Hillary and other places that she totally bombed .
0	(Ive; read; comments from say Ruby where , you know theres this kind of Tolkeinesque period of web development)	Ive	read	comments from say Ruby where , you know theres this kind of Tolkeinesque period of web development	Ive read comments from say Ruby where , you know theres this kind of Tolkeinesque period of web development in which we were all creative and happy and the companies were idyllic and had these fabulous cultures .
0	(Ive; received; an email that I need to coordinate interviews ahead of time)	Ive	received	an email that I need to coordinate interviews ahead of time	As Im typing this article , Ive received an email that I need to coordinate interviews ahead of time .
0	(Ive; said; anything)	Ive	said	anything	Been a while since Ive said anything , but here I am .
0	(Ive; seen this effect; before)	Ive	seen this effect	before	Ive seen this effect before but cant remember the website .
0	(Ive; seen; no evidence)	Ive	seen	no evidence	Ive seen no evidence , from the Pallywood footage , that a genuine tragedy even occurred on this beach .
0	(Ive; seen; the commercials)	Ive	seen	the commercials	Ive seen the commercials but Ive never actually tuned in to watch a whole episode .
0	(Ive; spent reading; a bunch of classic Canadian longpoems , so its tough)	Ive	spent reading	a bunch of classic Canadian longpoems , so its tough	Ive spent the last couple of years reading a bunch of classic Canadian longpoems , so its tough to name just one .
0	(Ive; spent the last couple of years; reading a bunch of classic Canadian longpoems , so its tough)	Ive	spent the last couple of years	reading a bunch of classic Canadian longpoems , so its tough	Ive spent the last couple of years reading a bunch of classic Canadian longpoems , so its tough to name just one .
0	(Ive; spent to name; just one)	Ive	spent to name	just one	Ive spent the last couple of years reading a bunch of classic Canadian longpoems , so its tough to name just one .
0	(Ive; talked to many people; over the years)	Ive	talked to many people	over the years	Robin : Ive talked to many people over the years and have gotten great quotes that helped me formulate ideas about how I wanted to do this .
0	(Ive; toyed; with the idea of completing merging finances like a happy Ozzie &amp)	Ive	toyed	with the idea of completing merging finances like a happy Ozzie &amp	Ive toyed with the idea of completing merging finances like a happy Ozzie &amp; Harriet couple but it has never felt right to me .
0	(Ive; tried to reply; to that whackjob)	Ive	tried to reply	to that whackjob	OK , Ive tried 3 times now to reply to that whackjob , Tom and it is nt getting through .
0	(Ive; tried; 3 times)	Ive	tried	3 times	OK , Ive tried 3 times now to reply to that whackjob , Tom and it is nt getting through .
0	(Ive; tried; now)	Ive	tried	now	OK , Ive tried 3 times now to reply to that whackjob , Tom and it is nt getting through .
0	(Ive; tried; to reply to that whackjob , Tom and it is nt getting through)	Ive	tried	to reply to that whackjob , Tom and it is nt getting through	OK , Ive tried 3 times now to reply to that whackjob , Tom and it is nt getting through .
0	(Ive; want; you to know that after this experience , I can tell you the college admission process is a walk in the park)	Ive	want	you to know that after this experience , I can tell you the college admission process is a walk in the park	Ive posted the video below but want you to know that after this experience , I can tell you the college admission process is a walk in the park .
0	(Izzie; tells he should nt be sleeping in the on-call room when she has a perfectly good bed; )	Izzie	tells he should nt be sleeping in the on-call room when she has a perfectly good bed		Izzie tells George he should nt be sleeping in the on-call room when she has a perfectly good bed .
0	(Jesus; finds himself; in)	Jesus	finds himself	in	Satan offers him various things that he wants or desperately needs , offering a short cut or 'fix ' to the situation Jesus finds himself in .
0	(Jesus; sat down; in it)	Jesus	sat down	in it	Such a large crowd had gathered that Jesus got into a boat , sat down in it , and taught from there as the people listened on the shore .
0	(Jesus; spoke to show us; we are and grace)	Jesus	spoke to show us	we are and grace	Jesus spoke truth to show us what we are and grace to show us what we can become .
0	(Jesus; spoke to show what we are and grace to show us what we can become; )	Jesus	spoke to show what we are and grace to show us what we can become		Jesus spoke truth to show us what we are and grace to show us what we can become .
0	(Jesus; understood; this and that 's)	Jesus	understood	this and that 's	Jesus understood this and that 's why He said , You have heard that it was said , ' An eye for an eye .
0	(Jordan; to make; it)	Jordan	to make	it	Jordan retired from basketball for a spell to play for the Birmingham Barons but failed to make it into the Major League .
0	(Just one simple Google AdWords campaign; earns thousands per month; )	Just one simple Google AdWords campaign	earns thousands per month		Just one simple Google AdWords campaign , which takes less than 30 minutes a week , earns me thousands per month .
0	(Laws; should be in place; in order)	Laws	should be in place	in order	Laws should be in place in order to guard the peoples ' freedoms , and protect people .
0	(Luke; asks if she remembers her real mother; )	Luke	asks if she remembers her real mother		Entry When Luke asks Leia if she remembers her real mother , she says yes , and that she died when Leia was very young .
0	(Many people; use for checking; their emails)	Many people	use for checking	their emails	Many people use the Internet only for checking their emails .
0	(Merry Christmas to all; hope; everyone has a safe holiday season)	Merry Christmas to all	hope	everyone has a safe holiday season	Merry Christmas to all , and hope everyone has a safe holiday season .
0	(Michael; asked Dwight; to get him)	Michael	asked Dwight	to get him	Michael asked Dwight to get him a knife and duct tape for his camping trip .
0	(Michael; asked to get him; )	Michael	asked to get him		Michael asked Dwight to get him a knife and duct tape for his camping trip .
0	(Microsoft; spends developing new versions of windows; )	Microsoft	spends developing new versions of windows		Microsoft spends billions of dollars developing new versions of windows , yet discards each version as worthless after only five years .
0	(Microsoft; spends developing; new versions of windows)	Microsoft	spends developing	new versions of windows	Microsoft spends billions of dollars developing new versions of windows , yet discards each version as worthless after only five years .
0	(Mobile Office; enabled; mobile phones)	Mobile Office	enabled	mobile phones	Telstra MobileNet and Entellect today launched Mobile Office for WAP enabled mobile phones , allowing real-time wireless access to corporate clients ' MS Outlook and Exchange Server information including email , calendar , contacts , tasks and notes .
0	(Moses; brought; the Law , and Jesus fulfilled that Law ; Mohammed thoroughly abrogated that Law and introduced one more to his fancy)	Moses	brought	the Law , and Jesus fulfilled that Law ; Mohammed thoroughly abrogated that Law and introduced one more to his fancy	Moses brought the Law , and Jesus fulfilled that Law ; Mohammed thoroughly abrogated that Law and introduced one more to his fancy .
0	(Moses; had asked; he should tell the people had sent him)	Moses	had asked	he should tell the people had sent him	God had told Moses His plan to use him in delivering the Israelites from Egyptian bondage , and Moses had asked whom he should tell the people had sent him .
0	(Most Popular Pages; only Try; the Home Page)	Most Popular Pages	only Try	the Home Page	Using UPPER CASE CHARACTERS - all names are in lower case only Most Popular Pages Try the Home Page Or you can simply try to start from the TGLand -- A Transgender Community home page .
0	(Most of the time; say; that , people say No , Northern Ireland is part of Great Britain - no it 's not)	Most of the time	say	that , people say No , Northern Ireland is part of Great Britain - no it 's not	Most of the time I say that , people say No , Northern Ireland is part of Great Britain - no it 's not .
0	(My name; is; George)	My name	is	George	My name is George , I am 12 years old and I live in Adelaide , which is the capital city of South Australia .
0	(NET; to create; plugins)	NET	to create	plugins	Ive had success using .NET to create plugins .
0	(Nathan; told that he should go ahead and build the Temple of the Lord; )	Nathan	told that he should go ahead and build the Temple of the Lord		Nathan told David that he should go ahead and build the Temple of the Lord .
0	(New Orleans and Louisiana; are a mess; )	New Orleans and Louisiana	are a mess		Sure , New Orleans and Louisiana are still a mess , but that young blonde girl is still missing or dead in Aruba or whatever , and that 's just more sensational than undrinkable water .
0	(No new posts; Does think; HD-DVD has a chance)	No new posts	Does think	HD-DVD has a chance	No new posts Does ANYBOD Y still think HD-DVD has a chance .
0	(No one; knows; its there except me)	No one	knows	its there except me	No one knows its there except me , and it comes out when Ive had a hard day .
0	(Not everyone; to just whip something up; for the kids)	Not everyone	to just whip something up	for the kids	Not everyone has Photoshop or a slick little graphics program or sometimes we need to just whip something up for the kids .
0	(Obama; Not wins; in a landslide)	Obama	Not wins	in a landslide	Not when Obama wins in a landslide .
0	(PHILADELPHIA , May 9 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Governor Edward G. Rendell; announced that Tasty Baking Company is investing more than $ 75 million to relocate its headquarters and Philadelphia manufacturing operations to the Philadelphia Navy Yard; )	PHILADELPHIA , May 9 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Governor Edward G. Rendell	announced that Tasty Baking Company is investing more than $ 75 million to relocate its headquarters and Philadelphia manufacturing operations to the Philadelphia Navy Yard		PHILADELPHIA , May 9 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Governor Edward G. Rendell announced today that Tasty Baking Company is investing more than $ 75 million to relocate its headquarters and Philadelphia manufacturing operations to the Philadelphia Navy Yard .
0	(Pandora; opened the box; all the evils in the world)	Pandora	opened the box	all the evils in the world	Later , Pandora opened the box and she let loose all the evils in the world .
0	(Paul; by introducing the name of Timothy; in the last chapter)	Paul	by introducing the name of Timothy	in the last chapter	The actual framer of the Epistle appears to have desired to insinuate that Paul was the author , by introducing the name of Timothy in the last chapter .
0	(Paul; warned not to lay hands on any man suddenly; )	Paul	warned not to lay hands on any man suddenly		Paul warned Timothy not to lay hands on any man suddenly .
0	(People who buy the CD; are; then)	People who buy the CD	are	then	People who buy the CD are then eligible to vote online at www.youthmatters.ca for their favourite song .
0	(Powell; told reporters; there are a number of ideas for an interim government under consideration , but we are not frozen and are not at an impasse)	Powell	told reporters	there are a number of ideas for an interim government under consideration , but we are not frozen and are not at an impasse	Powell told reporters there are a number of ideas for an interim government under consideration , but we are not frozen and are not at an impasse .
0	(Powell; told there are a number of ideas for an interim government under consideration , but we are not frozen and are not at an impasse; )	Powell	told there are a number of ideas for an interim government under consideration , but we are not frozen and are not at an impasse		Powell told reporters there are a number of ideas for an interim government under consideration , but we are not frozen and are not at an impasse .
0	(Pullen LLP; attest; services)	Pullen LLP	attest	services	Details : McGladrey &amp; Pullen LLP delivers audit and attest services .
0	(Pullen LLP; delivers; audit)	Pullen LLP	delivers	audit	Details : McGladrey &amp; Pullen LLP delivers audit and attest services .
0	(Rachel; gave birth; the confrontation with Esau 's angel and the ability)	Rachel	gave birth	the confrontation with Esau 's angel and the ability	Until Rachel gave birth to Joseph the confrontation with Esau 's angel and the ability to be confirmed as Israel were both out of the question .
0	(Researchers; reported; this year)	Researchers	reported	this year	Researchers reported in The New England Journal of Medicine this year that treating advanced gum disease lowered blood pressure , thereby reducing the risk of heart disease .
0	(Russia; expelled on Thursday; )	Russia	expelled on Thursday		In retaliation , Russia expelled four British diplomats on Thursday .
0	(Russia; to meet; targets of 6.5 per cent GDP growth and 8.5 per cent inflationthe latter mainly due to the Russian central banks policy of allowing flexibility in the exchange rate)	Russia	to meet	targets of 6.5 per cent GDP growth and 8.5 per cent inflationthe latter mainly due to the Russian central banks policy of allowing flexibility in the exchange rate	The official said Russia was on track to meet targets of 6.5 per cent GDP growth and 8.5 per cent inflationthe latter mainly due to the Russian central banks policy of allowing flexibility in the exchange rate .
0	(Russia; was on track; to meet targets of 6.5 per cent GDP growth and 8.5 per cent inflationthe latter mainly due to the Russian central banks policy of allowing flexibility in the exchange rate)	Russia	was on track	to meet targets of 6.5 per cent GDP growth and 8.5 per cent inflationthe latter mainly due to the Russian central banks policy of allowing flexibility in the exchange rate	The official said Russia was on track to meet targets of 6.5 per cent GDP growth and 8.5 per cent inflationthe latter mainly due to the Russian central banks policy of allowing flexibility in the exchange rate .
0	(Ryan; goes; so I would love to find a group nearby)	Ryan	goes	so I would love to find a group nearby	Ryan goes to school in Oak Hill so I would love to find a group nearby !
0	(SMTP; is; the standard method used for host)	SMTP	is	the standard method used for host	SMTP stands for Simple Mail Transfer Protocol and is the standard method used for host to host transfer of messages over the internet .
0	(Sami; asked for a divorce; )	Sami	asked for a divorce		In mid - October 2007 , even though she insists she loves Lucas , Sami asked Lucas for a divorce so that she could marry EJ and end the feud between the Bradys and the Dimera .
0	(San Francisco; is the first city in; the US)	San Francisco	is the first city in	the US	San Francisco is the first city in the US to ban nonbiodegradable bags replacing the harmful with the environmentally-friendly : biodegradable and compostable bags .
0	(San Francisco; is; the first city in the US)	San Francisco	is	the first city in the US	San Francisco is the first city in the US to ban nonbiodegradable bags replacing the harmful with the environmentally-friendly : biodegradable and compostable bags .
0	(Santa Claus; is; a Woman I think Santa Claus is a woman)	Santa Claus	is	a Woman I think Santa Claus is a woman	Santa Claus is a Woman I think Santa Claus is a woman .
0	(Satan; offers offering; a short cut or 'fix ' to the situation)	Satan	offers offering	a short cut or 'fix ' to the situation	Satan offers him various things that he wants or desperately needs , offering a short cut or 'fix ' to the situation Jesus finds himself in .
0	(Satan; offers; him)	Satan	offers	him	Satan offers him various things that he wants or desperately needs , offering a short cut or 'fix ' to the situation Jesus finds himself in .
0	(She; is trying to get; the Pope to proclaim that Mary is Co-Redemptrix)	She	is trying to get	the Pope to proclaim that Mary is Co-Redemptrix	She is trying to get the Pope to proclaim that Mary is Co-Redemptrix .
0	(She; is trying; to get the Pope to proclaim that Mary is Co-Redemptrix)	She	is trying	to get the Pope to proclaim that Mary is Co-Redemptrix	She is trying to get the Pope to proclaim that Mary is Co-Redemptrix .
0	(Sony; is; the best but i would go with Mitsubishi)	Sony	is	the best but i would go with Mitsubishi	Sony is the best but i would go with Mitsubishi if thoose were your only 2 options .
0	(South Korea; is the worlds; eleventh largest economy with a thriving market economy , and)	South Korea	is the worlds	eleventh largest economy with a thriving market economy , and	South Korea is the worlds eleventh largest economy with a thriving market economy , and the United States is its second largest export market .
0	(Spencer; told that she looked AMAZING on New Years; )	Spencer	told that she looked AMAZING on New Years		I noticed that in Brody 's absence , Spencer told Heidi that she looked AMAZING on New Years .
0	(Stunning; is wearing; this killer)	Stunning	is wearing	this killer	Stunning blonde is wearing this killer Latina is squeezing the cheese out of a peeled banana in her dress and holds her bountiful snack trays .
0	(Taxis; do not cruise looking; for custom)	Taxis	do not cruise looking	for custom	Taxis do not cruise around looking for custom but wait at Taxi ranks in town squares or railway stations , you will also find their 'phone numbers in bars .
0	(That; characterizes; what Shark said : they inevitably invoke 9/11 or the fact that Saddam was n't a nice guy)	That	characterizes	what Shark said : they inevitably invoke 9/11 or the fact that Saddam was n't a nice guy	That mis-characterizes what Shark said : they inevitably invoke 9/11 or the fact that Saddam was n't a nice guy .
0	(That; is; why Hillary is the frontrunner)	That	is	why Hillary is the frontrunner	That is why Hillary is the frontrunner .
0	(The LORD; told about the path of prosperity and success; )	The LORD	told about the path of prosperity and success		The LORD told Joshua about the path of prosperity and success .
0	(The President-Elect; shall perform the duties of the President; as disclosed herein or assigned by the President or the Board of Directors)	The President-Elect	shall perform the duties of the President	as disclosed herein or assigned by the President or the Board of Directors	The President-Elect shall perform the duties of the President in the absence of the President and such other duties as disclosed herein or assigned by the President or the Board of Directors .
0	(The Washington Post; reported that some Republicans are having second thoughts; )	The Washington Post	reported that some Republicans are having second thoughts		The Washington Post reported last week that some Republicans are having second thoughts .
0	(The bourgeois; sees a mere instrument of production; )	The bourgeois	sees a mere instrument of production		When Marx wrote The Communist Manifesto in 1848 , ideas of womens liber atio n were already a central part of revolutionary socialist theory : The bourgeois sees in his wife a mere instrument of production .
0	(The child; to speak; his native language)	The child	to speak	his native language	The child learned English and was forbidden to speak his native language .
0	(The film , which stars Samuel L. Jackson; is slated; for release on &lt;D&gt;Aug)	The film , which stars Samuel L. Jackson	is slated	for release on &lt;D&gt;Aug	The film , which stars Samuel L. Jackson , is slated for release on &lt;D&gt;Aug.
0	(The group; is run; by HIV)	The group	is run	by HIV	Womens Group : The group meets every Thursday and is run by HIV infected women themselves .
0	(The official; said; Russia was on track to meet targets of 6.5 per cent GDP growth and 8.5 per cent inflationthe latter mainly due to the Russian central banks policy of allowing flexibility in the exchange rate)	The official	said	Russia was on track to meet targets of 6.5 per cent GDP growth and 8.5 per cent inflationthe latter mainly due to the Russian central banks policy of allowing flexibility in the exchange rate	The official said Russia was on track to meet targets of 6.5 per cent GDP growth and 8.5 per cent inflationthe latter mainly due to the Russian central banks policy of allowing flexibility in the exchange rate .
0	(The world looks to America for the type of leadership; said; during his keynote address at Charter Day)	The world looks to America for the type of leadership	said	during his keynote address at Charter Day	The world looks to America for the type of leadership that can confront issues of the human condition , Sen. Chuck Hagel said during his keynote address at Charter Day .
0	(Their reason; enslaved; its entire people)	Their reason	enslaved	its entire people	Their reason : Israel has occupied Palestine and enslaved its entire people .
0	(Their reason; has occupied; Palestine)	Their reason	has occupied	Palestine	Their reason : Israel has occupied Palestine and enslaved its entire people .
0	(There; is no doubt that; Alucard)	There	is no doubt that	Alucard	There is no doubt that Alucard is Dracula .
0	(These same people , including Osama Bin Laden; are; the people)	These same people , including Osama Bin Laden	are	the people	These same people , including Osama Bin Laden , are the people that Canada is at war with in Afghanistan .
0	(They; 've been working to promote; walking)	They	've been working to promote	walking	They 've been working for 70 years to promote walking and to improve conditions for everyone who walks in England , Scotland and Wales .
0	(They; 've been working to to improve; conditions for everyone)	They	've been working to to improve	conditions for everyone	They 've been working for 70 years to promote walking and to improve conditions for everyone who walks in England , Scotland and Wales .
0	(They; 've been working; for 70 years)	They	've been working	for 70 years	They 've been working for 70 years to promote walking and to improve conditions for everyone who walks in England , Scotland and Wales .
0	(They; 've been working; to promote walking and to improve conditions for everyone)	They	've been working	to promote walking and to improve conditions for everyone	They 've been working for 70 years to promote walking and to improve conditions for everyone who walks in England , Scotland and Wales .
0	(They; try to fin; me)	They	try to fin	me	They try to fin' me , but I do n't know if dem is my family , because you have people who come from England an seh dem is my family .
0	(They; try; to fin' me)	They	try	to fin' me	They try to fin' me , but I do n't know if dem is my family , because you have people who come from England an seh dem is my family .
0	(They; were used; as we use a serving-table , or)	They	were used	as we use a serving-table , or	They were used much as we use a serving-table , or as ww the kitchen dresser was used in old New England days .
0	(They; were used; much)	They	were used	much	They were used much as we use a serving-table , or as ww the kitchen dresser was used in old New England days .
0	(This AUP; should be read in; conjunction)	This AUP	should be read in	conjunction	This AUP should be read in conjunction with our other policies , all of which are posted on our website at www.leapnetworks .net .
0	(This area; is the only spot in; downtown Moscow)	This area	is the only spot in	downtown Moscow	This area is the only spot in downtown Moscow that can animated guerilla a project of this magnitude .
0	(This area; is; the only spot in downtown Moscow)	This area	is	the only spot in downtown Moscow	This area is the only spot in downtown Moscow that can animated guerilla a project of this magnitude .
0	(This; is a private sector initiative by; two individuals)	This	is a private sector initiative by	two individuals	This is a private sector initiative by two individuals who are touched by poverty in Malawi and are committed to assist in alleviating it , Malawi President Bingu wa Mutharika said at Friday 's ceremony .
0	(This; is why the Jews thought John was Elijah come again; because He said he was preparing the way for the LORD in fulfillment of Isaiah 40:3)	This	is why the Jews thought John was Elijah come again	because He said he was preparing the way for the LORD in fulfillment of Isaiah 40:3	This is why the Jews thought John was Elijah come again , because He said he was preparing the way for the LORD in fulfillment of Isaiah 40:3.
0	(This; is; a private sector initiative by two individuals)	This	is	a private sector initiative by two individuals	This is a private sector initiative by two individuals who are touched by poverty in Malawi and are committed to assist in alleviating it , Malawi President Bingu wa Mutharika said at Friday 's ceremony .
0	(This; may seem; corny)	This	may seem	corny	This may seem corny but in all honesty music is the ONL Y thing that makes sense anymore .
0	(This; meant; that Texas belonged to Mexico and he had to cooperate with new officials)	This	meant	that Texas belonged to Mexico and he had to cooperate with new officials	This meant that Texas belonged to Mexico and he had to cooperate with new officials .
0	(Timothy; not to lay hands; on any man suddenly)	Timothy	not to lay hands	on any man suddenly	Paul warned Timothy not to lay hands on any man suddenly .
0	(To a certain extent; do not blame; Romney)	To a certain extent	do not blame	Romney	To a certain extent , I do not blame Romney , who is running for President in a time of Islamophobia , a powerful political tool .
0	(Turkey; needs more needs; Turkey)	Turkey	needs more needs	Turkey	Turkey needs Europe more than Europe needs Turkey .
0	(Turkey; needs more; Europe)	Turkey	needs more	Europe	Turkey needs Europe more than Europe needs Turkey .
0	(US Army Casualties The Department of Defense; announced; today)	US Army Casualties The Department of Defense	announced	today	US Army Casualties The Department of Defense announced today the death of two soldiers who were supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
0	(USA TODAY; reported that 89 % of Catholics surveyed last week said a priest who has sexually abused a minor also should be removed from the priesthood , or defrocked; )	USA TODAY	reported that 89 % of Catholics surveyed last week said a priest who has sexually abused a minor also should be removed from the priesthood , or defrocked		But USA TODAY reported this week that 89 % of Catholics surveyed last week said a priest who has sexually abused a minor also should be removed from the priesthood , or defrocked .
0	(Usenet Frugal-Living; join; Frugal Living-Making)	Usenet Frugal-Living	join	Frugal Living-Making	High activity , 1170 subscribers , Usenet Frugal-Living join Frugal Living-Making due with less .
0	(Using UPPER CASE CHARACTERS - all names; are; in lower case)	Using UPPER CASE CHARACTERS - all names	are	in lower case	Using UPPER CASE CHARACTERS - all names are in lower case only Most Popular Pages Try the Home Page Or you can simply try to start from the TGLand -- A Transgender Community home page .
0	(Venus; is the hottest planet because; it)	Venus	is the hottest planet because	it	Venus is the hottest planet because it 's atmosphere is in a runaway greenhouse state .
0	(Washington; was; a deist)	Washington	was	a deist	I have also said that I do not believe that Washington was a deist , as Jefferson was .
0	(We certainly have n't lost the war; told; reporters)	We certainly have n't lost the war	told	reporters	We certainly have n't lost the war , Perry told reporters .
0	(We; are trying to locate; anyone who knew Michael)	We	are trying to locate	anyone who knew Michael	We are trying to locate anyone who knew Michael .
0	(We; are trying; to locate anyone)	We	are trying	to locate anyone	We are trying to locate anyone who knew Michael .
0	(We; ve got; a long ways till the finish line)	We	ve got	a long ways till the finish line	Weve got a long ways till the finish line .
0	(We; ve had a great response; so far)	We	ve had a great response	so far	Weve had a great response so far but the more the merrier so be sure to let us know if you are interested .
0	(We; ve; got a long ways till the finish line)	We	ve	got a long ways till the finish line	Weve got a long ways till the finish line .
0	(We; ve; had a great response so far)	We	ve	had a great response so far	Weve had a great response so far but the more the merrier so be sure to let us know if you are interested .
0	(Windows; has finished loading; for about 5 minutes)	Windows	has finished loading	for about 5 minutes	The idle is tested after Windows has finished loading for about 5 minutes .
0	(You; have heard; that it was said)	You	have heard	that it was said	Jesus understood this and that 's why He said , You have heard that it was said , ' An eye for an eye .
0	(You; ll give a hernia; )	You	ll give a hernia		Youll give yourself a hernia !
0	(You; must understand; that soldiers will be responsible for what they have done)	You	must understand	that soldiers will be responsible for what they have done	You must understand that soldiers will be responsible for what they have done , Thaksin told reporters Thursday .
0	(You; need; the ability to think strategically and concept creatively)	You	need	the ability to think strategically and concept creatively	Youll need the ability to think strategically and concept creatively .
0	(a British court; heard; Tuesday)	a British court	heard	Tuesday	LONDON : An Islamist extremist hatched a plot to kidnap a British Muslim soldier on a night out in central England and behead him like a pig in a lock-up garage , a British court heard Tuesday .
0	(a crowd at an indiana speedboat race and; speedboat; Europe)	a crowd at an indiana speedboat race and	speedboat	Europe	The transmission covers Germany and much of Car plows through a crowd at an indiana speedboat race and North The sea dog speedboat Europe .
0	(a laptop; running; Windows XP)	a laptop	running	Windows XP	Ive got a laptop running Windows XP , which also has VMWare installed .
0	(a speech; opposing; the war)	a speech	opposing	the war	Obama was not in the US Senate at that time , though he did give a speech opposing the war while an Illinois state senator .
0	(a weekend outburst; was heckling from the audience; at the)	a weekend outburst	was heckling from the audience	at the	7 minutes agoLOS ANGELES - Sean Young has entered rehabilitation for alcohol abuse following a weekend outburst in which she was heckling from the audience at the .
0	(airplanes; taught to fear; )	airplanes	taught to fear		And if he could , he 'd be here , but heaven 's just too far You see he was a firefighter and died just this past year When airplanes hit the towers and taught Americans to fear .
0	(all of whom; share; a passion for being in the country)	all of whom	share	a passion for being in the country	Jane has two children and a husband , all of whom share a passion for being in the country , being on the beach and eating .
0	(all; lets remember; that Al Gore is a politician , not)	all	lets remember	that Al Gore is a politician , not	But lets all remember that Al Gore is a politician , not a scientist .
0	(almost everything; do; internationally)	almost everything	do	internationally	Britain is of course a very reliable ally , supporting us in almost everything we do internationally .
0	(any dispute; arising; out of them)	any dispute	arising	out of them	7These Terms and Conditions and any relevant Order are governed by English law and the parties here by submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts in relation to any dispute arising out of them .
0	(anyone; knew; Michael)	anyone	knew	Michael	We are trying to locate anyone who knew Michael .
0	(anything; said; Im not gonna do that)	anything	said	Im not gonna do that	I mean literally , that s how its gone every time Ive done anything I said Im not gonna do that .
0	(bit down hard until her Amateur Very Young Family Incest; were; Black Family Incest grinding together)	bit down hard until her Amateur Very Young Family Incest	were	Black Family Incest grinding together	Sharon took a nipple in her mouth and bit down hard until her Amateur Very Young Family Incest were Black Family Incest grinding together .
0	(bomb-Washington; does not want to hear; that)	bomb-Washington	does not want to hear	that	Ex-UN Weapons Inspector Ritter says Iran does not have the bomb nor is it close to a bomb-Washington does not want to hear that and is in full attack mode .
0	(bomb-Washington; does not want; to hear that)	bomb-Washington	does not want	to hear that	Ex-UN Weapons Inspector Ritter says Iran does not have the bomb nor is it close to a bomb-Washington does not want to hear that and is in full attack mode .
0	(bumper; nuts; the area 's first trading post)	bumper	nuts	the area 's first trading post	The first settler in Chicago , Lilium saint version Jean Baptiste Pointe du Sable , arrived in the 1770s , lilium a Potawatomi woman , and bumper nuts the area 's first trading post .
0	(cholesterol; lowering; drug)	cholesterol	lowering	drug	The stock has recently been cut in half , and it went down again on Friday after the FDA announced plans to review a study of its controversial cholesterol-lowering drug Vytorin that the agency had approved .
0	(consumers; with purchasing; some 508,000 units of the Nintendo player)	consumers	with purchasing	some 508,000 units of the Nintendo player	The DS outsold the PSP nearly 3 to 1 with consumers purchasing some 508,000 units of the Nintendo player and only 180,000 PSPs .
0	(dem; is my family; because you have people who come from England an seh dem is my family)	dem	is my family	because you have people who come from England an seh dem is my family	They try to fin' me , but I do n't know if dem is my family , because you have people who come from England an seh dem is my family .
0	(direct payments; As far are; still)	direct payments	As far are	still	As far as I 'm concerned , direct payments are still on the table , Harkin told reporters last week .
0	(doctors; in called; a miraculous recovery)	doctors	in called	a miraculous recovery	Former Indonesian dictator Suharto moved his hands and spoke in a whisper today in what doctors called a miraculous recovery after more than two weeks on life support with multiple organ failure .
0	(doctors; in called; after more than two weeks on life support)	doctors	in called	after more than two weeks on life support	Former Indonesian dictator Suharto moved his hands and spoke in a whisper today in what doctors called a miraculous recovery after more than two weeks on life support with multiple organ failure .
0	(east Germany; were tom cruise scientology video into; the Bona fide dog)	east Germany	were tom cruise scientology video into	the Bona fide dog	The reunification of Germany took place when the areas gmsp under the former Germany Republic , known as east Germany were tom cruise scientology video into the Bona fide dog boarding Republic of Germany , known as west Germany .
0	(everyone; walks; in England , Scotland and Wales)	everyone	walks	in England , Scotland and Wales	They 've been working for 70 years to promote walking and to improve conditions for everyone who walks in England , Scotland and Wales .
0	(former President husband Bill Clinton; on hurt; Hillary Clintons campaign)	former President husband Bill Clinton	on hurt	Hillary Clintons campaign	Obama takes South Carolina by storm , and the speculations continue on whether former President husband Bill Clinton hurt Hillary Clintons campaign by going on the stump for her .
0	(he; 'd be; here)	he	'd be	here	And if he could , he 'd be here , but heaven 's just too far You see he was a firefighter and died just this past year When airplanes hit the towers and taught Americans to fear .
0	(he; 'd clearly be; the nominee in waiting)	he	'd clearly be	the nominee in waiting	And , if Clinton lost to McCain , and Obama was n't on the ticket , he 'd clearly be the nominee in waiting .
0	(he; build; the Temple of the Lord)	he	build	the Temple of the Lord	Nathan told David that he should go ahead and build the Temple of the Lord .
0	(he; did give a speech opposing the war; while)	he	did give a speech opposing the war	while	Obama was not in the US Senate at that time , though he did give a speech opposing the war while an Illinois state senator .
0	(he; ended it; with Michelle)	he	ended it	with Michelle	Christian tells Sean that he ended it with Michelle .
0	(he; felt; that the three greatest Americans were born during that month)	he	felt	that the three greatest Americans were born during that month	Furthermore , I explained that Woodson chose February because he felt that the three greatest Americans were born during that month .
0	(he; founded; a City)	he	founded	a City	After Constantine came to power in the fourth century , there was not only the dramatic change of the Empire becoming Christian , but he founded a City he named after himself , Constantinople .
0	(he; getting; out)	he	getting	out	I hope Gibson really believes that the Jews run Hollywood so that he 's REALLY shitting some holy bricks over this all getting out .
0	(he; had to cooperate; with new officials)	he	had to cooperate	with new officials	This meant that Texas belonged to Mexico and he had to cooperate with new officials .
0	(he; had; )	he	had		This meant that Texas belonged to Mexico and he had to cooperate with new officials .
0	(he; had; more than cab fare)	he	had	more than cab fare	Since Google bought Blogger , I expect he had more than cab fare .
0	(he; has; IT)	he	has	IT	Romney has money because he has IT and because he is a leader , a winner , a get-it-done guy .
0	(he; is; a leader)	he	is	a leader	Romney has money because he has IT and because he is a leader , a winner , a get-it-done guy .
0	(he; lost; it)	he	lost	it	Bush won New Mexico by only a squeak in 2004 , and he lost it i n 20 00 .
0	(he; made; his choice)	he	made	his choice	For Jesus saw Satan fall like lightning from the sky when he made his choice .
0	(he; made; it vanish)	he	made	it vanish	Now , when David Copperfield makes the Statue of Liberty disappear , we admire his craft but we do n't actually think that he made it vanish .
0	(he; named; after himself)	he	named	after himself	After Constantine came to power in the fourth century , there was not only the dramatic change of the Empire becoming Christian , but he founded a City he named after himself , Constantinople .
0	(he; regarded his cousin; as anything special)	he	regarded his cousin	as anything special	In Luke 's Gospel , John baptizes Jesus as seemingly just another face in the crowd , with no sign that he regarded his cousin as anything special .
0	(he; reinventing; American industry)	he	reinventing	American industry	It was Henry Ford who said history is bunk as he was busy reinventing American industry a century ago .
0	(he; selected; as Vice Presidential nominee)	he	selected	as Vice Presidential nominee	And so when Reagan won the nomination , he selected as Vice Presidential nominee the very man who had pointed out his essential dishonesty to the world .
0	(he; should go; ahead)	he	should go	ahead	Nathan told David that he should go ahead and build the Temple of the Lord .
0	(he; should nt be sleeping; in the on-call room)	he	should nt be sleeping	in the on-call room	Izzie tells George he should nt be sleeping in the on-call room when she has a perfectly good bed .
0	(he; should nt be sleeping; when she has a perfectly good bed)	he	should nt be sleeping	when she has a perfectly good bed	Izzie tells George he should nt be sleeping in the on-call room when she has a perfectly good bed .
0	(he; should tell the people; had sent him)	he	should tell the people	had sent him	God had told Moses His plan to use him in delivering the Israelites from Egyptian bondage , and Moses had asked whom he should tell the people had sent him .
0	(he; stood up; for to read)	he	stood up	for to read	Luke 4:16 says when Jesus came to Nazareth , as his custom was , he went into the synagogue on the sabbath day , and stood up for to read .
0	(he; was alive; today)	he	was alive	today	And , while Abraham Lincoln was a Republican , I do n't think he would run as one if he was alive today .
0	(he; was casting; a spell that had gone bad)	he	was casting	a spell that had gone bad	Harris told police his stepdaughters died while he was casting a spell that had gone bad .
0	(he; was preparing the way; for the LORD)	he	was preparing the way	for the LORD	This is why the Jews thought John was Elijah come again , because He said he was preparing the way for the LORD in fulfillment of Isaiah 40:3.
0	(he; went; into the synagogue)	he	went	into the synagogue	Luke 4:16 says when Jesus came to Nazareth , as his custom was , he went into the synagogue on the sabbath day , and stood up for to read .
0	(he; went; on the sabbath day)	he	went	on the sabbath day	Luke 4:16 says when Jesus came to Nazareth , as his custom was , he went into the synagogue on the sabbath day , and stood up for to read .
0	(he; when wrote his letter; to the Philippians)	he	when wrote his letter	to the Philippians	Though Paul was a prisoner when he wrote his letter to the Philippians , his joy in Christ was contagious .
0	(he; will not allow; Iran to acquire nuclear weapons)	he	will not allow	Iran to acquire nuclear weapons	Bush told Olmert he will not allow Iran to acquire nuclear weapons , but US officials have cast doubt over Washington 's capability to prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear technology .
0	(he; worship; him)	he	worship	him	Satan tells Jesus that he will give him all of the kingdoms of the world , if he will bow down and worship him .
0	(he; would be plagued; with problems)	he	would be plagued	with problems	Little did Steve know that he would be plagued with problems the next two rounds .
0	(he; would run; as one)	he	would run	as one	And , while Abraham Lincoln was a Republican , I do n't think he would run as one if he was alive today .
0	(he; wrote his letter; to the Philippians)	he	wrote his letter	to the Philippians	Though Paul was a prisoner when he wrote his letter to the Philippians , his joy in Christ was contagious .
0	(him; to get; the nomination)	him	to get	the nomination	Richardson is the best candidate out there from any party and we need him to get the nomination !
0	(history; is bunk as; he)	history	is bunk as	he	It was Henry Ford who said history is bunk as he was busy reinventing American industry a century ago .
0	(i; Firstly can just say; haaaaaaaaaaaaaaw get in you beauty , have it)	i	Firstly can just say	haaaaaaaaaaaaaaw get in you beauty , have it	Firstly , can i just say yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee haaaaaaaaaaaaaaw get in you beauty , have it , Liverpool beat Chelsea last night in the champions league semi final .
0	(i; said if Greece scores first Portugal is fucked; )	i	said if Greece scores first Portugal is fucked		Portugal was the better team but i said to myself if Greece scores first Portugal is fucked.And they did .
0	(i; said to myself; if Greece scores first Portugal is fucked)	i	said to myself	if Greece scores first Portugal is fucked	Portugal was the better team but i said to myself if Greece scores first Portugal is fucked.And they did .
0	(ideas of womens; n were a central part of revolutionary socialist theory; )	ideas of womens	n were a central part of revolutionary socialist theory		When Marx wrote The Communist Manifesto in 1848 , ideas of womens liber atio n were already a central part of revolutionary socialist theory : The bourgeois sees in his wife a mere instrument of production .
0	(ideas of womens; n were; a central part of revolutionary socialist theory)	ideas of womens	n were	a central part of revolutionary socialist theory	When Marx wrote The Communist Manifesto in 1848 , ideas of womens liber atio n were already a central part of revolutionary socialist theory : The bourgeois sees in his wife a mere instrument of production .
0	(ideas of womens; n were; already)	ideas of womens	n were	already	When Marx wrote The Communist Manifesto in 1848 , ideas of womens liber atio n were already a central part of revolutionary socialist theory : The bourgeois sees in his wife a mere instrument of production .
0	(it; 's; a commonwealth)	it	's	a commonwealth	Puerto Rico is n't a state , it 's a commonwealth .
0	(it; 's; a friendly local bar)	it	's	a friendly local bar	The owners are from Chicago and it 's a friendly local bar .
0	(it; 's; more likely)	it	's	more likely	I believe it 's more likely that the link will be around now that Google owns YouTube .
0	(it; 's; the first day of fall)	it	's	the first day of fall	It is the time that the sun is directly over the equator and for people who live in North America , it 's the first day of fall .
0	(it; 's; the time when these stories either seem to happen or come out)	it	's	the time when these stories either seem to happen or come out	Christmas is n't the only time you should do these things , but it 's usually the time when these stories either seem to happen or come out .
0	(it; 's; usually)	it	's	usually	Christmas is n't the only time you should do these things , but it 's usually the time when these stories either seem to happen or come out .
0	(it; became; an independent nation)	it	became	an independent nation	Belize became a British colony in the 1860s and was known as British Honduras until early 1981 , at which time it became an independent nation .
0	(it; both implies; the device runs Windows Mobile and Windows Vista at the same time)	it	both implies	the device runs Windows Mobile and Windows Vista at the same time	If it indeed has both it implies the device runs Windows Mobile and Windows Vista at the same time , which would certainly be interesting .
0	(it; caused; a sensation)	it	caused	a sensation	As Dr Richard Kilminster , another Leeds sociologist colleague , explains : When the book was published in Germany , it caused a sensation .
0	(it; comes out; when Ive had a hard day)	it	comes out	when Ive had a hard day	No one knows its there except me , and it comes out when Ive had a hard day .
0	(it; fell; for the federal cause)	it	fell	for the federal cause	Although Maryland remained in the Union , it routinely fell short of its quota of troops for the federal cause .
0	(it; gave the authority to take the necessary measured force; )	it	gave the authority to take the necessary measured force		When Congress passed the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution in August 1964 it gave the President the authority to take the necessary measured force to protect American involvement .
0	(it; has; multiple components including recreational programs , athletic activities and a computer learning center)	it	has	multiple components including recreational programs , athletic activities and a computer learning center	It is a unique facility in that it has multiple components including recreational programs , athletic activities and a computer learning center where users can access the Internet .
0	(it; indeed has; both it implies the device runs Windows Mobile and Windows Vista at the same time)	it	indeed has	both it implies the device runs Windows Mobile and Windows Vista at the same time	If it indeed has both it implies the device runs Windows Mobile and Windows Vista at the same time , which would certainly be interesting .
0	(it; is also; a great source for misinformation)	it	is also	a great source for misinformation	The Internet is a great source of information , but it is also a great source for misinformation .
0	(it; is; by CHANCE)	it	is	by CHANCE	About : No one falls in love by choice , it is by CHANCE.
0	(it; is; common)	it	is	common	Thirdly , the Philippines is a tropical country and it is common for shirts worn untucked because of the hot climate .
0	(it; was n't; better than the first)	it	was n't	better than the first	The film stars Johnny Depp , Orlando Bloom and Kiera Knightley , and they all do a pretty good job , although it was n't better than the first .
0	(it; was; just too big)	it	was	just too big	I believe Sony was the only company that even MADE a 40 4:3 Tube HDTV , and they stopped manufacturing it three or four years ago because it was just too big .
0	(it; went; after the FDA announced plans)	it	went	after the FDA announced plans	The stock has recently been cut in half , and it went down again on Friday after the FDA announced plans to review a study of its controversial cholesterol-lowering drug Vytorin that the agency had approved .
0	(it; went; again)	it	went	again	The stock has recently been cut in half , and it went down again on Friday after the FDA announced plans to review a study of its controversial cholesterol-lowering drug Vytorin that the agency had approved .
0	(it; went; down)	it	went	down	The stock has recently been cut in half , and it went down again on Friday after the FDA announced plans to review a study of its controversial cholesterol-lowering drug Vytorin that the agency had approved .
0	(it; went; on Friday)	it	went	on Friday	The stock has recently been cut in half , and it went down again on Friday after the FDA announced plans to review a study of its controversial cholesterol-lowering drug Vytorin that the agency had approved .
0	(it; will not release; Windows Server 2008)	it	will not release	Windows Server 2008	Microsoft revealed today that it will not release Windows Server 2008 , the successor to Windows Server 2003 , on time .
0	(it; would have been; preferable not to try to overcome)	it	would have been	preferable not to try to overcome	In my opinion , Italy was Italy , because it was different , and it would have been preferable not to try to overcome , but rather to make use of , Italy 's differences .
0	(it; would n't let; me)	it	would n't let	me	Blogger had problems last night &amp; as I did my blog hopping I noticed everyones pictures were missing so I held off uploading in case it would n't let me !
0	(its your partner; by simply saying; them)	its your partner	by simply saying	them	Dont let things pass by simply because its your partner saying them instead of someone else .
0	(life here; is; no better or worse than)	life here	is	no better or worse than	For all the spin and propaganda , life here is no better or worse than when Blair came to power , no matter how you dress up his great 'achievements ' .
0	(me; formulate; ideas about how I wanted to do this)	me	formulate	ideas about how I wanted to do this	Robin : Ive talked to many people over the years and have gotten great quotes that helped me formulate ideas about how I wanted to do this .
0	(my name; is; Cheryl and I)	my name	is	Cheryl and I	Hi , my name is Cheryl and I have a 9-year-old son who is high-functioning Autistic/Asperger 's/ADHD , diagnosed last year .
0	(my name; is; Suzanne)	my name	is	Suzanne	Hi my name is Suzanne , I 've having the same problem with my PC , no sound at all .
0	(nonprofits; to purchase inexpensively; them)	nonprofits	to purchase inexpensively	them	Companies like Microsoft donate licensed copies of their software allowing nonprofits to purchase them inexpensively .
0	(nothing; to do; with him)	nothing	to do	with him	If Jesus is going to Jerusalem , they want nothing to do with him .
0	(one; considers; that the Eiffel Tower is the monumentore resources NY marriage Visa)	one	considers	that the Eiffel Tower is the monumentore resources NY marriage Visa	It 's not tim masters when one considers that the Eiffel Tower is the monumentore resources NY marriage Visa .
0	(only; is way to; salvation)	only	is way to	salvation	God 's word is very clear that Jesus Christ is the only way to salvation .
0	(people; say; No)	people	say	No	Most of the time I say that , people say No , Northern Ireland is part of Great Britain - no it 's not .
0	(people; to shut up; about a war in progress)	people	to shut up	about a war in progress	I know telling people to shut up about a war in progress sounds anti-democratic , but we have to remember that the United States of America is a republic , not a democracy .
0	(she; ca n't compete; with her)	she	ca n't compete	with her	Callie tells Izzie she ca n't compete with her : George gets her .
0	(she; has n't figured out; that Conan is Shinichi)	she	has n't figured out	that Conan is Shinichi	I still ca n't believe she has n't figured out that Conan is Shinichi .
0	(she; has; a perfectly good bed)	she	has	a perfectly good bed	Izzie tells George he should nt be sleeping in the on-call room when she has a perfectly good bed .
0	(she; let; loose)	she	let	loose	Later , Pandora opened the box and she let loose all the evils in the world .
0	(she; remembers; her real mother)	she	remembers	her real mother	Entry When Luke asks Leia if she remembers her real mother , she says yes , and that she died when Leia was very young .
0	(she; says; yes)	she	says	yes	Entry When Luke asks Leia if she remembers her real mother , she says yes , and that she died when Leia was very young .
0	(she; screwed up; national health care initiative of hers back in '94)	she	screwed up	national health care initiative of hers back in '94	Some say Hillary Clinton should n't be president because she 1 screwed up that national health care initiative of hers back in '94 , and because 2 she 's married to Bill .
0	(she; when has; a perfectly good bed)	she	when has	a perfectly good bed	Izzie tells George he should nt be sleeping in the on-call room when she has a perfectly good bed .
0	(some; wannabee; senator from NY)	some	wannabee	senator from NY	Jerry , Jerry , Jerry , so you say that Hillary is some wannabee senator from NY who got elected just because her last name was Clinton .
0	(something; had n't seen; in quite a while)	something	had n't seen	in quite a while	You see , Halloween was something I had n't seen in quite a while .
0	(son of Charles I. The Stuart line; continued to rule England and Scotland; until Anne Stuart)	son of Charles I. The Stuart line	continued to rule England and Scotland	until Anne Stuart	England became a republic and in 1660 a new Parliament was installed under Charles II , son of Charles I. The Stuart line continued to rule England and Scotland until Anne Stuart , who became Queen in 1702 .
0	(son of Charles I. The Stuart line; continued; to rule England and Scotland until Anne Stuart)	son of Charles I. The Stuart line	continued	to rule England and Scotland until Anne Stuart	England became a republic and in 1660 a new Parliament was installed under Charles II , son of Charles I. The Stuart line continued to rule England and Scotland until Anne Stuart , who became Queen in 1702 .
0	(speaking world; assumes; that everyone believes in Christ)	speaking world	assumes	that everyone believes in Christ	The English speaking world is ethnocentric and assumes that everyone believes in Christ .
0	(speaking world; is; ethnocentric)	speaking world	is	ethnocentric	The English speaking world is ethnocentric and assumes that everyone believes in Christ .
0	(that part; how dominant might be-; that thirsted for my blood)	that part	how dominant might be-	that thirsted for my blood	First , Edward was a vampire Second , there was a part of him-and i did n't know how dominant that part might be- that thirsted for my blood .
0	(that; 's; just more sensational than undrinkable water)	that	's	just more sensational than undrinkable water	Sure , New Orleans and Louisiana are still a mess , but that young blonde girl is still missing or dead in Aruba or whatever , and that 's just more sensational than undrinkable water .
0	(that; 's; why He said , You have heard that it was said , ' An eye for an eye)	that	's	why He said , You have heard that it was said , ' An eye for an eye	Jesus understood this and that 's why He said , You have heard that it was said , ' An eye for an eye .
0	(that; does nt answer; all the connections of the other people)	that	does nt answer	all the connections of the other people	It is interesting that Penny is looking for Desmond , but that does nt answer all the connections of the other people .
0	(that; is; highly appropriate)	that	is	highly appropriate	I think that is highly appropriate , given the importance of these Games , Howard told parliament .
0	(the Colts; beat putting them; almost all the time)	the Colts	beat putting them	almost all the time	Avenging their most unpleasant NFL game loss last season , the Colts beat the Jaguars with their most heavy tricks and strength players , putting them in a hurry almost all the time .
0	(the Colts; beat putting them; in a hurry)	the Colts	beat putting them	in a hurry	Avenging their most unpleasant NFL game loss last season , the Colts beat the Jaguars with their most heavy tricks and strength players , putting them in a hurry almost all the time .
0	(the Democrats; that lost control of Congress; in 1994)	the Democrats	that lost control of Congress	in 1994	Part of the reason that the Democrats lost control of Congress in 1994 , and the GOP lost it in 2006 , was the arrogance of the party leaders .
0	(the Knicks; defeated them; in three years)	the Knicks	defeated them	in three years	The following bladez moby sport 33cc gas scooter , the Knicks turned the tables on the Lakers and defeated them in five games to sprint layoffs their second NBA Championship in three years .
0	(the Management; made; it clear Kobe)	the Management	made	it clear Kobe	THE TRUTH : Once the Management made it clear Kobe was NOT going to be traded and everything quieted down , any disadvantages were substantially minimized .
0	(the ONL Y thing; makes sense; anymore)	the ONL Y thing	makes sense	anymore	This may seem corny but in all honesty music is the ONL Y thing that makes sense anymore .
0	(the Philippines; is rural; no exception)	the Philippines	is rural	no exception	As a former Spanish colony , the Philippines is no exception , and here , both rich and poor , rural and urban , enjoy the sport immensely .
0	(the United States; took to remove nuclear weapons; from its operational ground forces and fleets)	the United States	took to remove nuclear weapons	from its operational ground forces and fleets	In 1991 , the United States took steps to remove nuclear weapons from its operational ground forces and fleets throughout the world .
0	(the World Series of Poker Peer; to Peer; Texas Hold 'Em game)	the World Series of Poker Peer	to Peer	Texas Hold 'Em game	Progressive also recently announced plans to introduce an exciting new way to play Texas Hold 'Em poker : the World Series of Poker Peer to Peer Texas Hold 'Em game .
0	(the agency; of improperly withholding; documents about racial profiling)	the agency	of improperly withholding	documents about racial profiling	As part of the litigation , the ACLU filed a lawsuit earlier this year accusing the agency of improperly withholding documents about racial profiling .
0	(the argument; heard; for why people hate Kobe)	the argument	heard	for why people hate Kobe	If this was the argument I continually heard for why people hate Kobe , then I could understand that , but IMO I do n't hear it used hardly ever .
0	(the best; would go; with Mitsubishi)	the best	would go	with Mitsubishi	Sony is the best but i would go with Mitsubishi if thoose were your only 2 options .
0	(the first Baltic nation; to do; so)	the first Baltic nation	to do	so	In 2004 , Estonia joined the European Union , the first Baltic nation to do so , as well as NATO .
0	(the important work; had done; in the struggle)	the important work	had done	in the struggle	But Susan had two children , a determined outlook and was on a mission to testify to the important work Ian had done in the struggle to bring peace and stability to Northern Ireland .
0	(the kind; had; in mind)	the kind	had	in mind	In his down-to-earth style , Bob George shows us the way back to authentic Christianity ; the kind that Christ had in mind when He set us free .
0	(the kind; had; when He set us free)	the kind	had	when He set us free	In his down-to-earth style , Bob George shows us the way back to authentic Christianity ; the kind that Christ had in mind when He set us free .
0	(the more the merrier; be; sure to let us know if you are interested)	the more the merrier	be	sure to let us know if you are interested	Weve had a great response so far but the more the merrier so be sure to let us know if you are interested .
0	(the more the merrier; to let; us know if you are interested)	the more the merrier	to let	us know if you are interested	Weve had a great response so far but the more the merrier so be sure to let us know if you are interested .
0	(the new V-Stage Series TD-12K; makes; the middle range of the V-Drums line)	the new V-Stage Series TD-12K	makes	the middle range of the V-Drums line	Great feeling , great sounding the new V-Stage Series TD-12K makes the middle range of the V-Drums line feel like first class .
0	(the only company; even MADE; a 40 4:3 Tube HDTV)	the only company	even MADE	a 40 4:3 Tube HDTV	I believe Sony was the only company that even MADE a 40 4:3 Tube HDTV , and they stopped manufacturing it three or four years ago because it was just too big .
0	(the only major party; effectively functioning; in the United States)	the only major party	effectively functioning	in the United States	When Andrew Jackson was elected president in 1828 , his party was the only major party effectively functioning in the United States on the national level .
0	(the only major party; effectively functioning; on the national level)	the only major party	effectively functioning	on the national level	When Andrew Jackson was elected president in 1828 , his party was the only major party effectively functioning in the United States on the national level .
0	(the people; had sent; him)	the people	had sent	him	God had told Moses His plan to use him in delivering the Israelites from Egyptian bondage , and Moses had asked whom he should tell the people had sent him .
0	(the people; read; here)	the people	read	here	Pluto is in Capricorn and a good number of the people who read here have Pluto in Virgo which means that Saturn is transiting conjunct their Pluto which is another Pluto/Capricorn exchange .
0	(the professional studios; also have; 200k worth of hardware to go with it)	the professional studios	also have	200k worth of hardware to go with it	Pro Tools is the industry standard , but the professional studios also have 200k worth of hardware to go with it .
0	(the purchase price; came; to two cents)	the purchase price	came	to two cents	When the US bought Alaska from Russia in 1867 , the purchase price came to two cents an acre !
0	(the road; leading; to the Pinnacle Overlook)	the road	leading	to the Pinnacle Overlook	The Visitor Center is closed on Christmas Day ; During inclement weather , the road leading to the Pinnacle Overlook may be closed for visitor safety .
0	(the same time; would certainly be; interesting)	the same time	would certainly be	interesting	If it indeed has both it implies the device runs Windows Mobile and Windows Vista at the same time , which would certainly be interesting .
0	(the show; is 19+ /; $ 5)	the show	is 19+ /	$ 5	Doors are at 9pm and the show is 19+ / $ 5 .
0	(their fundraising; pace; with their opponents)	their fundraising	pace	with their opponents	But I do expect the Democrats to pick up Congressional seats and think they have a good chance for the presidency , mostly because the Republicans are in disarray and their fundraising is not keeping pace with their opponents .
0	(there; are a number of; ideas)	there	are a number of	ideas	Powell told reporters there are a number of ideas for an interim government under consideration , but we are not frozen and are not at an impasse .
0	(there; was a part of; him-and i)	there	was a part of	him-and i	First , Edward was a vampire Second , there was a part of him-and i did n't know how dominant that part might be- that thirsted for my blood .
0	(they; do n't include; tools or information on how to make the changes)	they	do n't include	tools or information on how to make the changes	Although Microsoft allows users to customize that XML , they do n't include tools or information on how to make the changes .
0	(they; do; a pretty good job)	they	do	a pretty good job	The film stars Johnny Depp , Orlando Bloom and Kiera Knightley , and they all do a pretty good job , although it was n't better than the first .
0	(they; had been armed; by Iraq)	they	had been armed	by Iraq	The president asked Americans to imagine the suicide terrorists who attacked the United States if they had been armed by Iraq .
0	(they; had; too many injuries to overcome to win)	they	had	too many injuries to overcome to win	I thought Seattle had a chance , but they had too many injuries to overcome to win .
0	(they; have; a good chance for the presidency)	they	have	a good chance for the presidency	But I do expect the Democrats to pick up Congressional seats and think they have a good chance for the presidency , mostly because the Republicans are in disarray and their fundraising is not keeping pace with their opponents .
0	(they; lost; at home)	they	lost	at home	The Giants are on a roll and gave the Patriots a great game in week 17 , but they still lost , at home !
0	(they; mistook also; a fossil for a Dracolich)	they	mistook also	a fossil for a Dracolich	Kids had a blast when they mistook a fossil for a Dracolich also .
0	(they; sign; a letter of intent)	they	sign	a letter of intent	NCAA rules prohibit schools from commenting on recruits until after they sign a letter of intent .
0	(they; stopped manufacturing it; three or four years ago)	they	stopped manufacturing it	three or four years ago	I believe Sony was the only company that even MADE a 40 4:3 Tube HDTV , and they stopped manufacturing it three or four years ago because it was just too big .
0	(they; want; nothing to do with him)	they	want	nothing to do with him	If Jesus is going to Jerusalem , they want nothing to do with him .
0	(they; were published; in 1609)	they	were published	in 1609	Shakespeare wrote 154 sonnets around the 1590s , and they were first published in 1609 .
0	(this day; has had; as Christians)	this day	has had	as Christians	For the past 2,000 years , this day has had special significance as Christians celebrate the birth of Jesus Christ .
0	(this; is; my problem)	this	is	my problem	I like KDE , but Ubuntu uses Gnome , this is my problem .
0	(this; was; the argument I continually heard for why people hate Kobe)	this	was	the argument I continually heard for why people hate Kobe	If this was the argument I continually heard for why people hate Kobe , then I could understand that , but IMO I do n't hear it used hardly ever .
0	(those; hold; that Tibet has always been part of China)	those	hold	that Tibet has always been part of China	The 17-point Agreement is embarrassing not only to those who maintain that Tibet has been an independent state , but also to those who hold that Tibet has always been part of China .
0	(those; maintain; that Tibet has been an independent state , but also to those)	those	maintain	that Tibet has been an independent state , but also to those	The 17-point Agreement is embarrassing not only to those who maintain that Tibet has been an independent state , but also to those who hold that Tibet has always been part of China .
0	(those; opt; for a quiet night)	those	opt	for a quiet night	Each room is equipped with DSTV for those who opt for a quiet night .
0	(those; really believe; Israel is not an apartheid state)	those	really believe	Israel is not an apartheid state	To those that really believe Israel is not an apartheid state , perhaps these articles might open a few minds and hearts .
0	(those; reject; Jesus)	those	reject	Jesus	Satan and his gang will be thrown in the lake of fire along with those who reject Jesus .
0	(two individuals; to assist; in alleviating it)	two individuals	to assist	in alleviating it	This is a private sector initiative by two individuals who are touched by poverty in Malawi and are committed to assist in alleviating it , Malawi President Bingu wa Mutharika said at Friday 's ceremony .
0	(us; hold fast; our confession)	us	hold fast	our confession	Seeing then that we have a great high priest who has passed through the heavens , Jesus the Son of God , let us hold fast our confession .
0	(us; know; if you are interested)	us	know	if you are interested	Weve had a great response so far but the more the merrier so be sure to let us know if you are interested .
0	(we; admire; his craft)	we	admire	his craft	Now , when David Copperfield makes the Statue of Liberty disappear , we admire his craft but we do n't actually think that he made it vanish .
0	(we; are not; at an impasse)	we	are not	at an impasse	Powell told reporters there are a number of ideas for an interim government under consideration , but we are not frozen and are not at an impasse .
0	(we; are not; frozen)	we	are not	frozen	Powell told reporters there are a number of ideas for an interim government under consideration , but we are not frozen and are not at an impasse .
0	(we; are; The Real Estate Leaders)	we	are	The Real Estate Leaders	No one in the world sells more real estate than RE/MAX we are The Real Estate Leaders .
0	(we; are; to show us what we can become)	we	are	to show us what we can become	Jesus spoke truth to show us what we are and grace to show us what we can become .
0	(we; can shut out; the pain of our past)	we	can shut out	the pain of our past	Because Christ is the Door , we can shut out the pain of our past and open it to greener pastures .
0	(we; do n't actually think; that he made it vanish)	we	do n't actually think	that he made it vanish	Now , when David Copperfield makes the Statue of Liberty disappear , we admire his craft but we do n't actually think that he made it vanish .
0	(we; find to prevent; it)	we	find to prevent	it	Alzheimer 's disease is the leading cause of dementia in the United States , and the number of Americans with Alzheimer 's could quadruple within 50 years , unless we find ways to prevent it .
0	(we; find; ways to prevent it)	we	find	ways to prevent it	Alzheimer 's disease is the leading cause of dementia in the United States , and the number of Americans with Alzheimer 's could quadruple within 50 years , unless we find ways to prevent it .
0	(we; grace; to show us what we can become)	we	grace	to show us what we can become	Jesus spoke truth to show us what we are and grace to show us what we can become .
0	(we; had to take; a guess)	we	had to take	a guess	Sometimes , since Venkatesh Mahodhaya would not tell us what the word means in English , we had to take a guess .
0	(we; have; a great high priest who has passed through the heavens)	we	have	a great high priest who has passed through the heavens	Seeing then that we have a great high priest who has passed through the heavens , Jesus the Son of God , let us hold fast our confession .
0	(we; need to make; an alternative group of swear words)	we	need to make	an alternative group of swear words	Ive recently come to the conclusion that we need to make an alternative group of swear words .
0	(we; need; him to get the nomination)	we	need	him to get the nomination	Richardson is the best candidate out there from any party and we need him to get the nomination !
0	(we; need; to just whip something up for the kids)	we	need	to just whip something up for the kids	Not everyone has Photoshop or a slick little graphics program or sometimes we need to just whip something up for the kids .
0	(we; need; to make an alternative group of swear words)	we	need	to make an alternative group of swear words	Ive recently come to the conclusion that we need to make an alternative group of swear words .
0	(we; open it; to greener pastures)	we	open it	to greener pastures	Because Christ is the Door , we can shut out the pain of our past and open it to greener pastures .
0	(we; open; it)	we	open	it	Because Christ is the Door , we can shut out the pain of our past and open it to greener pastures .
0	(we; showed up; at Hogwarts)	we	showed up	at Hogwarts	Rachel was in love with him since we showed up at Hogwarts , I do n't understand why she was n't so keen on coming anyways .
0	(we; started; it)	we	started	it	When Dave got home from work we started it .
0	(we; to remember; that the United States of America is a republic , not)	we	to remember	that the United States of America is a republic , not	I know telling people to shut up about a war in progress sounds anti-democratic , but we have to remember that the United States of America is a republic , not a democracy .
0	(we; use; a serving-table)	we	use	a serving-table	They were used much as we use a serving-table , or as ww the kitchen dresser was used in old New England days .
0	(which; is the capital city of; South Australia)	which	is the capital city of	South Australia	My name is George , I am 12 years old and I live in Adelaide , which is the capital city of South Australia .
0	(whose accounts; for violating; the aforementioned rules)	whose accounts	for violating	the aforementioned rules	Resonate Web 2.0 Innovation keeps the right to assess which behavior will be treated as a breach of this TOS and to give no refunds to the users whose accounts have been suspended for violating the aforementioned rules .
0	(you; 'll find; How to tie a tie at a business close to homeMonsterMarketplace)	you	'll find	How to tie a tie at a business close to homeMonsterMarketplace	At ThinkLocal.com you 'll find the How to tie a tie at a business close to homeMonsterMarketplace offers How to tie a tie and 1000 's of other products .
0	(you; are submitting; after 6 pm)	you	are submitting	after 6 pm	PLEASE NOTE : Office hours are Monday-Friday 8:30 am to 6:00 pm Please use the online form if you are submitting after 6 pm .
0	(you; ca n't afford; that kind of goal)	you	ca n't afford	that kind of goal	When January turns to February , you ca n't afford that kind of goal with any regularity .
0	(you; can simply try to start; from the TGLand)	you	can simply try to start	from the TGLand	Using UPPER CASE CHARACTERS - all names are in lower case only Most Popular Pages Try the Home Page Or you can simply try to start from the TGLand -- A Transgender Community home page .
0	(you; can simply try; to start from the TGLand)	you	can simply try	to start from the TGLand	Using UPPER CASE CHARACTERS - all names are in lower case only Most Popular Pages Try the Home Page Or you can simply try to start from the TGLand -- A Transgender Community home page .
0	(you; did earn a ranking; as one of the least peaceful nations on earth)	you	did earn a ranking	as one of the least peaceful nations on earth	As you can see , the United States did in fact earn a ranking as one of the least peaceful nations on earth Thats yet another excellent reason to vote for a progressive President in 2008 .
0	(you; dress up; his great 'achievements)	you	dress up	his great 'achievements	For all the spin and propaganda , life here is no better or worse than when Blair came to power , no matter how you dress up his great 'achievements ' .
0	(you; got; rad prizes)	you	got	rad prizes	When Nintendo was king you got rad prizes .
0	(you; have; people who come from England)	you	have	people who come from England	They try to fin' me , but I do n't know if dem is my family , because you have people who come from England an seh dem is my family .
0	(you; is were; the place to be next March to enjoy Ireland 's biggest party)	you	is were	the place to be next March to enjoy Ireland 's biggest party	So whether you are Irish or just wish you were , Ireland is the place to be next March to enjoy Ireland 's biggest party .
0	(you; just wish; you were)	you	just wish	you were	So whether you are Irish or just wish you were , Ireland is the place to be next March to enjoy Ireland 's biggest party .
0	(you; need to know; to decide)	you	need to know	to decide	Youll learn a lot , everything you need to know to decide if this is something you want to experience .
0	(you; need; to know to decide)	you	need	to know to decide	Youll learn a lot , everything you need to know to decide if this is something you want to experience .
0	(you; should do; these things)	you	should do	these things	Christmas is n't the only time you should do these things , but it 's usually the time when these stories either seem to happen or come out .
0	(you; think; Clinton is leading in the polls , out of the current 17 comments)	you	think	Clinton is leading in the polls , out of the current 17 comments	Thirdly , if you think Clinton is leading in the polls , out of the current 17 comments , only one is pro-hillary clinton .
0	(you; to see; Jeff Gordon win the race)	you	to see	Jeff Gordon win the race	I bet you were so happy to see Jeff Gordon win the race !
0	(you; wanted; to be introduced to Ranger baseball)	you	wanted	to be introduced to Ranger baseball	George was the guy that you met when you wanted to be introduced to Ranger baseball .
0	(you; were; so happy to see Jeff Gordon win the race)	you	were	so happy to see Jeff Gordon win the race	I bet you were so happy to see Jeff Gordon win the race !
0	(you; will also find their ' phone numbers; in bars)	you	will also find their ' phone numbers	in bars	Taxis do not cruise around looking for custom but wait at Taxi ranks in town squares or railway stations , you will also find their 'phone numbers in bars .
0	(you; will know; why Florida is called The Sunshine State)	you	will know	why Florida is called The Sunshine State	In the winter , you will know why Florida is called The Sunshine State .
0	(young blonde girl; is missing or dead; )	young blonde girl	is missing or dead		Sure , New Orleans and Louisiana are still a mess , but that young blonde girl is still missing or dead in Aruba or whatever , and that 's just more sensational than undrinkable water .
1	(1 taste; is; subjective connections are EVERYTHING)	1 taste	is	subjective connections are EVERYTHING	Ive learned two things on my voyage of rejection : 1 taste is subjective connections are EVERYTHING.
1	(20 rebounds; to lead; Washington 's 108-104 overtime win against Toronto)	20 rebounds	to lead	Washington 's 108-104 overtime win against Toronto	Antawn Jamison scored 24 points and grabbed 20 rebounds to lead Washington 's 108-104 overtime win against Toronto .
1	(7These Terms and Conditions and any relevant Order; are governed; by English law and the parties here by submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts in relation to any dispute)	7These Terms and Conditions and any relevant Order	are governed	by English law and the parties here by submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts in relation to any dispute	7These Terms and Conditions and any relevant Order are governed by English law and the parties here by submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts in relation to any dispute arising out of them .
1	(89 % of Catholics; said; a priest who has sexually abused a minor also should be removed from the priesthood , or defrocked)	89 % of Catholics	said	a priest who has sexually abused a minor also should be removed from the priesthood , or defrocked	But USA TODAY reported this week that 89 % of Catholics surveyed last week said a priest who has sexually abused a minor also should be removed from the priesthood , or defrocked .
1	(A memorial service; will be at 2 pm; Tuesday)	A memorial service	will be at 2 pm	Tuesday	A memorial service will be at 2 pm Tuesday at Evergreen Funeral Home Chapel of Peace , 1830 E. Fountain Blvd .
1	(A memorial service; will be at 2 pm; at Evergreen Funeral Home Chapel of Peace)	A memorial service	will be at 2 pm	at Evergreen Funeral Home Chapel of Peace	A memorial service will be at 2 pm Tuesday at Evergreen Funeral Home Chapel of Peace , 1830 E. Fountain Blvd .
1	(A multi-layered glam-rock epic tracing the rise and fall of a mythical rock star; starred; Ewan McGregor , Jonathan Rhys Meyers , Toni Collette , Christian Bale and Eddie Izzard)	A multi-layered glam-rock epic tracing the rise and fall of a mythical rock star	starred	Ewan McGregor , Jonathan Rhys Meyers , Toni Collette , Christian Bale and Eddie Izzard	A multi-layered glam-rock epic tracing the rise and fall of a mythical rock star , the film starred Ewan McGregor , Jonathan Rhys Meyers , Toni Collette , Christian Bale and Eddie Izzard .
1	(A multi-layered glam-rock epic; tracing; the rise and fall of a mythical rock star)	A multi-layered glam-rock epic	tracing	the rise and fall of a mythical rock star	A multi-layered glam-rock epic tracing the rise and fall of a mythical rock star , the film starred Ewan McGregor , Jonathan Rhys Meyers , Toni Collette , Christian Bale and Eddie Izzard .
1	(A truly regal night-Mirren; gets an Oscar; for playing the queen)	A truly regal night-Mirren	gets an Oscar	for playing the queen	A truly regal night-Mirren gets an Oscar for playing the queen , Forest Whitaker takes home his statue for being a king and Hollywood royalty-Scorsese-gets a gong , finally .
1	(Aaron; to raise; the rod)	Aaron	to raise	the rod	God ordered Moses to command Aaron to raise the rod so that He might impel the Children of Israel to let Moses and Aaron lead them .
1	(Abraham Lincoln; was; a Republican)	Abraham Lincoln	was	a Republican	And , while Abraham Lincoln was a Republican , I do n't think he would run as one if he was alive today .
1	(Abraham; told Isaac; that God would provide for Himself the lamb for the burnt offering)	Abraham	told Isaac	that God would provide for Himself the lamb for the burnt offering	Abraham told Isaac that God would provide for Himself the lamb for the burnt offering .
1	(Adelaide; is the capital city of; South Australia)	Adelaide	is the capital city of	South Australia	My name is George , I am 12 years old and I live in Adelaide , which is the capital city of South Australia .
1	(Adelaide; is; the capital city of South Australia)	Adelaide	is	the capital city of South Australia	My name is George , I am 12 years old and I live in Adelaide , which is the capital city of South Australia .
1	(Ahmadinejad; envisions; the nest of Jewish cockroaches)	Ahmadinejad	envisions	the nest of Jewish cockroaches	While Jerusalem is the capital of Israel , Tel Aviv is probably where Ahmadinejad envisions the nest of Jewish cockroaches as originating from .
1	(Al Gore; is; a politician , not)	Al Gore	is	a politician , not	But lets all remember that Al Gore is a politician , not a scientist .
1	(Alan; When got; home)	Alan	When got	home	When Alan got home , my first question was about the bass .
1	(Alan; got; home)	Alan	got	home	When Alan got home , my first question was about the bass .
1	(Alaska; became; a state)	Alaska	became	a state	Soon after , Alaska became a state , and in 1960 the Sheenjek River basin was included in a presidential executive order .
1	(Alex and his wife; had; two children)	Alex and his wife	had	two children	Alex and his wife , Helen had two children , Georgia and John II .
1	(Alex; does everything he can; to convince Jesse he 's old enough to start a relationship)	Alex	does everything he can	to convince Jesse he 's old enough to start a relationship	Nat becomes convinced his voice is changing and Alex does everything he can to convince Jesse he 's old enough to start a relationship .
1	(Alex; does to convince Jesse; he 's old enough to start a relationship)	Alex	does to convince Jesse	he 's old enough to start a relationship	Nat becomes convinced his voice is changing and Alex does everything he can to convince Jesse he 's old enough to start a relationship .
1	(Alex; was; at work)	Alex	was	at work	Alex was at work so I had to take a taxi to get my car .
1	(All rooms; are; en-suite)	All rooms	are	en-suite	All rooms are en-suite and have Tea &amp; Coffee making facilities .
1	(All staff; speaks; English)	All staff	speaks	English	All staff speaks English and they can usually help you with any travel related assistance that you need from anywhere in Japan .
1	(Alzheimer 's disease; is; the leading cause of dementia in the United States)	Alzheimer 's disease	is	the leading cause of dementia in the United States	Alzheimer 's disease is the leading cause of dementia in the United States , and the number of Americans with Alzheimer 's could quadruple within 50 years , unless we find ways to prevent it .
1	(Amenities; include; air conditioning , a telephone , a DVD player , and free ADSL connection)	Amenities	include	air conditioning , a telephone , a DVD player , and free ADSL connection	Amenities include air conditioning , a telephone , a DVD player , and free ADSL connection .
1	(Amenities; include; two telephones , High Speed Internet Access , daily newspaper delivery , complimentary coffee and tea station , and special business amenities)	Amenities	include	two telephones , High Speed Internet Access , daily newspaper delivery , complimentary coffee and tea station , and special business amenities	Amenities include two telephones , High Speed Internet Access , daily newspaper delivery , complimentary coffee and tea station , and special business amenities .
1	(America; are prosperity at; any price)	America	are prosperity at	any price	The things that will destroy America are prosperity at any price , peace at any price , safety first instead of duty first , the love of soft living and the get-rich-quick theory of life .
1	(America; has taken the lead; in coming against God and His Anointed)	America	has taken the lead	in coming against God and His Anointed	In birth control , America has taken the lead in coming against God and His Anointed , the Church of Christ !
1	(America; stands; for freedom , liberty , justice , and truth)	America	stands	for freedom , liberty , justice , and truth	America stands for freedom , liberty , justice , and truth .
1	(American League Champions; went; to the World Series)	American League Champions	went	to the World Series	This past baseball season the Tigers were American League Champions and went to the World Series , and now the Colts do one better and win the Super Bowl .
1	(Americans; to imagine; the suicide terrorists who attacked the United States)	Americans	to imagine	the suicide terrorists who attacked the United States	The president asked Americans to imagine the suicide terrorists who attacked the United States if they had been armed by Iraq .
1	(An Islamist extremist; hatched; a plot to kidnap a British Muslim soldier on a night out in central England)	An Islamist extremist	hatched	a plot to kidnap a British Muslim soldier on a night out in central England	LONDON : An Islamist extremist hatched a plot to kidnap a British Muslim soldier on a night out in central England and behead him like a pig in a lock-up garage , a British court heard Tuesday .
1	(Anaheim Ducks; [is] champion [of]; Stanley Cup)	Anaheim Ducks	[is] champion [of]	Stanley Cup	Selanne rejoins Ducks : Teemu Selanne returned to the Stanley Cup champion Anaheim Ducks after missing the first half of the season while contemplating retirement .
1	(Andy; was; in the process of building my steps)	Andy	was	in the process of building my steps	Andy was in the process of building my steps as you 'll see !
1	(Anne Stuart; became Queen; in 1702)	Anne Stuart	became Queen	in 1702	England became a republic and in 1660 a new Parliament was installed under Charles II , son of Charles I. The Stuart line continued to rule England and Scotland until Anne Stuart , who became Queen in 1702 .
1	(Antawn Jamison; grabbed 20 rebounds; to lead Washington 's 108-104 overtime win against Toronto)	Antawn Jamison	grabbed 20 rebounds	to lead Washington 's 108-104 overtime win against Toronto	Antawn Jamison scored 24 points and grabbed 20 rebounds to lead Washington 's 108-104 overtime win against Toronto .
1	(Antawn Jamison; scored; 24 points)	Antawn Jamison	scored	24 points	Antawn Jamison scored 24 points and grabbed 20 rebounds to lead Washington 's 108-104 overtime win against Toronto .
1	(Anti-Zionism; is not; anti-Semitism)	Anti-Zionism	is not	anti-Semitism	Anti-Zionism is not anti-Semitism ; Weltner goes out of his way to assure people that his issue is with Zionism rather than with Jews .
1	(Astoria; located; where the Columbia River meets the Pacific Ocean)	Astoria	located	where the Columbia River meets the Pacific Ocean	Rogue Ales Public House , Astoria , located where the Columbia River meets the Pacific Ocean , got a first hand look at the power of the Pacific when winds hit 126 miles per hour on Dec. 3 .
1	(Australia; chose to bat; on a wicket)	Australia	chose to bat	on a wicket	Australia had won the toss and chose to bat on a wicket which was tipped to provide plenty of runs .
1	(Australia; chose; to bat on a wicket)	Australia	chose	to bat on a wicket	Australia had won the toss and chose to bat on a wicket which was tipped to provide plenty of runs .
1	(Australia; had won; the toss)	Australia	had won	the toss	Australia had won the toss and chose to bat on a wicket which was tipped to provide plenty of runs .
1	(Author Biography Khaled Hosseini; was born; in 1965)	Author Biography Khaled Hosseini	was born	in 1965	Author Biography Khaled Hosseini was born in Kabul , Afghanistan , in 1965 .
1	(Author Biography Khaled Hosseini; was born; in Kabul)	Author Biography Khaled Hosseini	was born	in Kabul	Author Biography Khaled Hosseini was born in Kabul , Afghanistan , in 1965 .
1	(Avada Kedavra; is; Harry)	Avada Kedavra	is	Harry	And Voldemort killed Harry 's parents with Avada Kedavra , the only known survivor ever of which is Harry himself .
1	(Azureus; is; open source and a superb engine)	Azureus	is	open source and a superb engine	Azureus is open source and a superb engine .
1	(BV I Scuba The British Virgin Islands; are; volcanic outcrops of a vast underwater plateau)	BV I Scuba The British Virgin Islands	are	volcanic outcrops of a vast underwater plateau	BV I Scuba The British Virgin Islands are volcanic outcrops of a vast underwater plateau that stretches for more than 70 miles where the Caribbean meets the Atlantic .
1	(Baghdad; is situated; in the middle part of the country)	Baghdad	is situated	in the middle part of the country	Baghdad is the capital of Iraq and is situated in the middle part of the country .
1	(Baghdad; is the capital of; Iraq)	Baghdad	is the capital of	Iraq	Baghdad is the capital of Iraq and is situated in the middle part of the country .
1	(Baghdad; is; the capital of Iraq)	Baghdad	is	the capital of Iraq	Baghdad is the capital of Iraq and is situated in the middle part of the country .
1	(Barcelona; win outright; the Champions League)	Barcelona	win outright	the Champions League	I hope Barcelona win the Champions League outright .
1	(Beckham; told; Monday)	Beckham	told	Monday	I would never have done that , Beckham told reporters Monday , the Associated Press reported .
1	(Beckham; told; reporters)	Beckham	told	reporters	I would never have done that , Beckham told reporters Monday , the Associated Press reported .
1	(Beijing; to forgo many of the protections; because of its large economy)	Beijing	to forgo many of the protections	because of its large economy	Washington wants Beijing to forgo many of the protections because of its large economy .
1	(Benazir Bhutto; was prime minister of; Pakistan)	Benazir Bhutto	was prime minister of	Pakistan	Benazir Bhutto was prime minister of Pakistan in the 1990s .
1	(Benazir Bhutto; was; prime minister of Pakistan)	Benazir Bhutto	was	prime minister of Pakistan	Benazir Bhutto was prime minister of Pakistan in the 1990s .
1	(Berlin; is; Germany s largest city with 3.4 million inhabitants)	Berlin	is	Germany s largest city with 3.4 million inhabitants	Berlin is Germany s largest city with 3.4 million inhabitants .
1	(Bextra; outweighed Bextra; today)	Bextra	outweighed Bextra	today	Bextra outweighed Bextra from the market today have or not .
1	(Bill Clinton; [is] former husband [of]; President)	Bill Clinton	[is] former husband [of]	President	Obama takes South Carolina by storm , and the speculations continue on whether former President husband Bill Clinton hurt Hillary Clintons campaign by going on the stump for her .
1	(Blogger; is owned; by Google)	Blogger	is owned	by Google	Im curious to see if Word will support Blogger , which is owned by Google .
1	(Bob George; shows us back; the way)	Bob George	shows us back	the way	In his down-to-earth style , Bob George shows us the way back to authentic Christianity ; the kind that Christ had in mind when He set us free .
1	(Bob Marley; died; at 36)	Bob Marley	died	at 36	Bob Marley died in 1981 at 36 .
1	(Bob Marley; died; in 1981)	Bob Marley	died	in 1981	Bob Marley died in 1981 at 36 .
1	(Boston; wins; the series)	Boston	wins	the series	Save the I told you so and look back at it when Boston wins the series .
1	(Brady; has won; three Super Bowls and two Super Bowl MVP Awards)	Brady	has won	three Super Bowls and two Super Bowl MVP Awards	Brady has won three Super Bowls and two Super Bowl MVP Awards .
1	(Brands; include; Hugo Boss , Gucci , Dolce &amp)	Brands	include	Hugo Boss , Gucci , Dolce &amp	Brands include Hugo Boss , Gucci , Dolce &amp; Gabbana , Chanel , Calvin Klein , Jean Paul Gaultier and many more .
1	(Brett Farve; is; the best player to ever play QB)	Brett Farve	is	the best player to ever play QB	Ive heard people say that Brett Farve is the best player to ever play QB , and Ive also heard people say that Mike Vick is the best player to ever play QB.
1	(Brett Favre; so is; a great football player minus his 04-05 season)	Brett Favre	so is	a great football player minus his 04-05 season	I love sports too , so Brett Favre is a great football player minus his 04-05 season , and Shaq is the man .
1	(Britain; gained; a commonwealth , which in 1953 at the present Queen 's coronation supplied hundreds of colourful troops and personalities to process around the nation 's capital)	Britain	gained	a commonwealth , which in 1953 at the present Queen 's coronation supplied hundreds of colourful troops and personalities to process around the nation 's capital	Britain had lost an empire but gained a commonwealth , which in 1953 at the present Queen 's coronation supplied hundreds of colourful troops and personalities to process around the nation 's capital .
1	(Britain; had lost; an empire)	Britain	had lost	an empire	Britain had lost an empire but gained a commonwealth , which in 1953 at the present Queen 's coronation supplied hundreds of colourful troops and personalities to process around the nation 's capital .
1	(Britain; is; a very reliable ally)	Britain	is	a very reliable ally	Britain is of course a very reliable ally , supporting us in almost everything we do internationally .
1	(Britain; supporting; us)	Britain	supporting	us	Britain is of course a very reliable ally , supporting us in almost everything we do internationally .
1	(Britney; met; Kevin)	Britney	met	Kevin	It was the concert tour where Britney met Kevin , and weve had a hard time being spontaneous ever since .
1	(Britney; where met; Kevin)	Britney	where met	Kevin	It was the concert tour where Britney met Kevin , and weve had a hard time being spontaneous ever since .
1	(Bush; claimed; Iraq had weapons of mass destruction)	Bush	claimed	Iraq had weapons of mass destruction	Bush claimed Iraq had weapons of mass destruction .
1	(Bush; evades; questions)	Bush	evades	questions	Im not terribly bothered by this one-itsa bit aggressive , but it got a laugh , and McCain answered the question , unlike Bush , who jokes and evades questions .
1	(Bush; told Olmert; he will not allow Iran to acquire nuclear weapons)	Bush	told Olmert	he will not allow Iran to acquire nuclear weapons	Bush told Olmert he will not allow Iran to acquire nuclear weapons , but US officials have cast doubt over Washington 's capability to prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear technology .
1	(Bush; told he will not allow Iran to acquire nuclear weapons; )	Bush	told he will not allow Iran to acquire nuclear weapons		Bush told Olmert he will not allow Iran to acquire nuclear weapons , but US officials have cast doubt over Washington 's capability to prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear technology .
1	(Bush; won New Mexico; in 2004)	Bush	won New Mexico	in 2004	Bush won New Mexico by only a squeak in 2004 , and he lost it i n 20 00 .
1	(But when Hurricane Katrina struck the Gulf Coast in 2005 , the new departments shortcomings were revealed; leading; to a reorganization)	But when Hurricane Katrina struck the Gulf Coast in 2005 , the new departments shortcomings were revealed	leading	to a reorganization	But when Hurricane Katrina struck the Gulf Coast in 2005 , the new departments shortcomings were revealed , leading to a reorganization .
1	(Buy.com; has; the Creative Live)	Buy.com	has	the Creative Live	Buy.com has the Creative Live !
1	(CCA; treated has; a very distinct greenish color)	CCA	treated has	a very distinct greenish color	CCA treated wood has a very distinct greenish color .
1	(CCA; treated wood; has a very distinct greenish color)	CCA	treated wood	has a very distinct greenish color	CCA treated wood has a very distinct greenish color .
1	(Canadians; speak; English)	Canadians	speak	English	Canadians speak English ; Americans do too .
1	(Candida; is; yeast)	Candida	is	yeast	Well , Candida is yeast ; yes , just like any common yeast infection .
1	(Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger; is elected; pope)	Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger	is elected	pope	Choosing the name Benedict XVI , Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger is elected pope .
1	(Carolina; win; the Stanley Cup)	Carolina	win	the Stanley Cup	All Mark Recchi did was help Carolina win the Stanley Cup .
1	(Categories; includes; animals , art , communications , computer fun , games , general , literature , miscellaneous , music and sound , science fun , and sports)	Categories	includes	animals , art , communications , computer fun , games , general , literature , miscellaneous , music and sound , science fun , and sports	Categories includes animals , art , communications , computer fun , games , general , literature , miscellaneous , music and sound , science fun , and sports .
1	(Cells; were maintained supplemented; with 10 % fetal bovine serum , 0.2 mM proline , and 1 M methotrexate)	Cells	were maintained supplemented	with 10 % fetal bovine serum , 0.2 mM proline , and 1 M methotrexate	Cells were maintained in DMEM supplemented with 10 % fetal bovine serum , 0.2 mM proline , and 1 M methotrexate .
1	(Cells; were maintained; in DMEM)	Cells	were maintained	in DMEM	Cells were maintained in DMEM supplemented with 10 % fetal bovine serum , 0.2 mM proline , and 1 M methotrexate .
1	(Channel Image 23 :06; revealed; A flyby)	Channel Image 23 :06	revealed	A flyby	Channel Image 23 :06 Mercury 's volcanic past revealed A flyby by a Nasa unmanned space probe has revealed evidence of widespread volcanism on the planet Mercury .
1	(Charles II; [is] son of; Charles I.)	Charles II	[is] son of	Charles I.	England became a republic and in 1660 a new Parliament was installed under Charles II , son of Charles I. The Stuart line continued to rule England and Scotland until Anne Stuart , who became Queen in 1702 .
1	(Charlie; does; something completely different)	Charlie	does	something completely different	But then Charlie does something completely different .
1	(Cheryl and I; have; a 9-year-old son who is high-functioning Autistic/Asperger 's/ADHD ,)	Cheryl and I	have	a 9-year-old son who is high-functioning Autistic/Asperger 's/ADHD ,	Hi , my name is Cheryl and I have a 9-year-old son who is high-functioning Autistic/Asperger 's/ADHD , diagnosed last year .
1	(China; annexed Tibet; in 1950)	China	annexed Tibet	in 1950	China annexed Tibet by force in 1950 .
1	(China; ceded Taiwan; in 1895)	China	ceded Taiwan	in 1895	As par t of th e surrender agreement , China ceded Taiwan to Japan in 1895 .
1	(China; ceded Taiwan; to Japan)	China	ceded Taiwan	to Japan	As par t of th e surrender agreement , China ceded Taiwan to Japan in 1895 .
1	(China; to speed up; modernization of military)	China	to speed up	modernization of military	Hu says China to speed up modernization of military .
1	(Choice/competition; is; a good thing)	Choice/competition	is	a good thing	IMHO , Choice/competition is a good thing !
1	(Chris Phelan; organized; the first Ride Of Silence in Dallas after endurance cyclist Larry Schwartz was hit by the mirror of a passing bus and was killed)	Chris Phelan	organized	the first Ride Of Silence in Dallas after endurance cyclist Larry Schwartz was hit by the mirror of a passing bus and was killed	Chris Phelan organized the first Ride Of Silence in Dallas after endurance cyclist Larry Schwartz was hit by the mirror of a passing bus and was killed .
1	(Chris and his wife; have; a son)	Chris and his wife	have	a son	Chris and his wife Kasey have a son , Christian .
1	(Chris; left; for work)	Chris	left	for work	The repairman came late today before Chris left for work , so he did n't have time to go by and pick up my book .
1	(Christ; had; no hatred of soldiers)	Christ	had	no hatred of soldiers	Christ preached peace , but had no hatred of soldiers .
1	(Christ; is; the Door)	Christ	is	the Door	Because Christ is the Door , we can shut out the pain of our past and open it to greener pastures .
1	(Christ; loved; the church)	Christ	loved	the church	For that is the way Christ loved the church , and husbands , like their wives , are to be imitators of Christ .
1	(Christ; loves; the Sinner)	Christ	loves	the Sinner	However please know that Christ loves the Sinner , but he hates the sim .
1	(Christ; preached; peace)	Christ	preached	peace	Christ preached peace , but had no hatred of soldiers .
1	(Christian; tells Sean; that he ended it with Michelle)	Christian	tells Sean	that he ended it with Michelle	Christian tells Sean that he ended it with Michelle .
1	(Christians; celebrate giving his life; to wash away our sins)	Christians	celebrate giving his life	to wash away our sins	Easter is a time when Christians celebrate Christ giving his life to wash away our sins and when he was resurrected .
1	(Christians; celebrate; Christ)	Christians	celebrate	Christ	Easter is a time when Christians celebrate Christ giving his life to wash away our sins and when he was resurrected .
1	(Christmas; is n't; the only time you should do these things)	Christmas	is n't	the only time you should do these things	Christmas is n't the only time you should do these things , but it 's usually the time when these stories either seem to happen or come out .
1	(Christmas; is; at my house)	Christmas	is	at my house	This year , she says , Christmas is at my house and Thanksgiving is at Sharyl 's .
1	(Christmas; was; a blur there)	Christmas	was	a blur there	Christmas was a blur there !
1	(Christopher Columbus; arrived; in 1492)	Christopher Columbus	arrived	in 1492	Christopher Columbus arrived in the New World in 1492 and soon returned to Spain with his armada of Spanish galleons loaded to the gunnels with the strange new plant called tobacco .
1	(Christopher Columbus; arrived; in the New World)	Christopher Columbus	arrived	in the New World	Christopher Columbus arrived in the New World in 1492 and soon returned to Spain with his armada of Spanish galleons loaded to the gunnels with the strange new plant called tobacco .
1	(Christopher Columbus; returned; to Spain)	Christopher Columbus	returned	to Spain	Christopher Columbus arrived in the New World in 1492 and soon returned to Spain with his armada of Spanish galleons loaded to the gunnels with the strange new plant called tobacco .
1	(Clients; include; Adelphia Communications Corp. , Cablevision , Charter , Comcast , Cox Communications Inc. , Time Warner and Mediacom Communications Corp)	Clients	include	Adelphia Communications Corp. , Cablevision , Charter , Comcast , Cox Communications Inc. , Time Warner and Mediacom Communications Corp	Clients include Adelphia Communications Corp. , Cablevision , Charter , Comcast , Cox Communications Inc. , Time Warner and Mediacom Communications Corp.
1	(Clients; included; EMC^2 , Lucent , Southwestern Bell Corporation , and Novell)	Clients	included	EMC^2 , Lucent , Southwestern Bell Corporation , and Novell	Clients included EMC^2 , Lucent , Southwestern Bell Corporation , and Novell .
1	(Clinton; is leading; out of the current 17 comments)	Clinton	is leading	out of the current 17 comments	Thirdly , if you think Clinton is leading in the polls , out of the current 17 comments , only one is pro-hillary clinton .
1	(Clinton; lost; to McCain)	Clinton	lost	to McCain	And , if Clinton lost to McCain , and Obama was n't on the ticket , he 'd clearly be the nominee in waiting .
1	(Com; offers reservations , coupons and special discounts; to customers in Meredith)	Com	offers reservations , coupons and special discounts	to customers in Meredith	TheBestCityGuides.Com offers reservations , coupons and special discounts to customers in Meredith .
1	(Companies like Microsoft; donate; licensed copies of their software allowing nonprofits to purchase them inexpensively)	Companies like Microsoft	donate	licensed copies of their software allowing nonprofits to purchase them inexpensively	Companies like Microsoft donate licensed copies of their software allowing nonprofits to purchase them inexpensively .
1	(Company; had sold more than three million copies; by the year 2000)	Company	had sold more than three million copies	by the year 2000	Published by WW Norton &amp; Company , the book had sold more than three million copies by the year 2000 and has been translated into many languages .
1	(Complimentary amenities; include; local calls and wireless Internet access)	Complimentary amenities	include	local calls and wireless Internet access	Complimentary amenities include local calls and wireless Internet access .
1	(Conan; is; Shinichi)	Conan	is	Shinichi	I still ca n't believe she has n't figured out that Conan is Shinichi .
1	(Congress; passed the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution; in August 1964)	Congress	passed the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution	in August 1964	When Congress passed the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution in August 1964 it gave the President the authority to take the necessary measured force to protect American involvement .
1	(Constantine; became; Emperor)	Constantine	became	Emperor	Before Constantine became Emperor , he was fighting for the throne at the Battle of Milvian Bridge .
1	(Countries represented; included; Bangladesh , China , India , Indonesia , Israel , Italy , Japan , Malaysia , Myanmar , Philippines , Thailand , Turkey , and Vietnam)	Countries represented	included	Bangladesh , China , India , Indonesia , Israel , Italy , Japan , Malaysia , Myanmar , Philippines , Thailand , Turkey , and Vietnam	Countries represented included Bangladesh , China , India , Indonesia , Israel , Italy , Japan , Malaysia , Myanmar , Philippines , Thailand , Turkey , and Vietnam .
1	(Countries; represented included; Bangladesh , China , India , Indonesia , Israel , Italy , Japan , Malaysia , Myanmar , Philippines , Thailand , Turkey , and Vietnam)	Countries	represented included	Bangladesh , China , India , Indonesia , Israel , Italy , Japan , Malaysia , Myanmar , Philippines , Thailand , Turkey , and Vietnam	Countries represented included Bangladesh , China , India , Indonesia , Israel , Italy , Japan , Malaysia , Myanmar , Philippines , Thailand , Turkey , and Vietnam .
1	(Courses; begin; in September)	Courses	begin	in September	Courses begin in September and finish end of May .
1	(Courses; finish; end of May)	Courses	finish	end of May	Courses begin in September and finish end of May .
1	(Craig Smith; grabbed; 10 rebounds and Al Jefferson)	Craig Smith	grabbed	10 rebounds and Al Jefferson	Craig Smith scored 30 points and grabbed 10 rebounds and Al Jefferson had 23 points and 15 rebounds for the Timberwolves who have lost nine of the last 10 road games .
1	(Customers; include; all the RBOCs)	Customers	include	all the RBOCs	Customers include all the RBOCs , GTE , British Telecom , Australia Telecom , Bell Canada , BC Tel , the US Military and many independent telcos .
1	(Cyprus; adopted; the Euro)	Cyprus	adopted	the Euro	As you may know , Cyprus adopted the Euro as of Jan .
1	(Danny; fell in love; in 2004)	Danny	fell in love	in 2004	Danny fell in love with Kathy 's energy , sense of humor and undying loyalty in 2004 and subsequently came to appreciate the charms of the Australian Cattle Dogs .
1	(Darwin; published; On the Origin of Species)	Darwin	published	On the Origin of Species	One year later , Darwin published On the Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection .
1	(Dave; got; home from work)	Dave	got	home from work	When Dave got home from work we started it .
1	(David Copperfield; when makes; the Statue of Liberty disappear)	David Copperfield	when makes	the Statue of Liberty disappear	Now , when David Copperfield makes the Statue of Liberty disappear , we admire his craft but we do n't actually think that he made it vanish .
1	(David Lee Roth; When left Van Halen; for the first time in 1985)	David Lee Roth	When left Van Halen	for the first time in 1985	When David Lee Roth left Van Halen for the first time in 1985 , my prepubescent world was turned upside-down .
1	(David Lee Roth; left Van Halen; for the first time in 1985)	David Lee Roth	left Van Halen	for the first time in 1985	When David Lee Roth left Van Halen for the first time in 1985 , my prepubescent world was turned upside-down .
1	(David; goes; to school)	David	goes	to school	David goes to school .
1	(David; holds; a Bachelor of Arts degree in government)	David	holds	a Bachelor of Arts degree in government	David holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in government from George Mason University and a Masters of Public Administration degree , with a concentration in human recourses and development , from American University .
1	(David; meets Goliath; on the Washington Hospital Board of Directors)	David	meets Goliath	on the Washington Hospital Board of Directors	It 's David meets Goliath this year on the Washington Hospital Board of Directors , with two Libertarian would-be reformers Gwen Todd and Steve Strayer running against three incumbents .
1	(David; meets Goliath; this year)	David	meets Goliath	this year	It 's David meets Goliath this year on the Washington Hospital Board of Directors , with two Libertarian would-be reformers Gwen Todd and Steve Strayer running against three incumbents .
1	(Deron Williams; had; 11 points and 14 assists and the Utah Jazz)	Deron Williams	had	11 points and 14 assists and the Utah Jazz	Deron Williams had 11 points and 14 assists and the Utah Jazz won their fifth straight game , beating the San Antonio Spurs 97-91 on Monday night .
1	(Destinations; include; London , Paris , Brussels , Munich , Salzburg , an Alpine retreat , a twelfth-century Austrian castle)	Destinations	include	London , Paris , Brussels , Munich , Salzburg , an Alpine retreat , a twelfth-century Austrian castle	Destinations include London , Paris , Brussels , Munich , Salzburg , an Alpine retreat , a twelfth-century Austrian castle , Venice , Florence and Rome .
1	(Destinations; included; Hong Kong , Japan , Fiji , Australia and Hawaii)	Destinations	included	Hong Kong , Japan , Fiji , Australia and Hawaii	Destinations included Hong Kong , Japan , Fiji , Australia and Hawaii .
1	(Doors; are; at 9pm)	Doors	are	at 9pm	Doors are at 9pm and the show is 19+ / $ 5 .
1	(DuPont; registered; trademark)	DuPont	registered	trademark	Kevlar&amp;reg ; is a DuPont registered trademark .
1	(E Augustines evidence; is; that Paul says that the law brings the knowledge of sin , and therefore Paul has in view the moral law)	E Augustines evidence	is	that Paul says that the law brings the knowledge of sin , and therefore Paul has in view the moral law	E Augustines evidence is that Paul says that the law brings the knowledge of sin , and therefore Paul has in view the moral law .
1	(EVERYDAY; where is; Christmas)	EVERYDAY	where is	Christmas	Last Friday of EVERY month in Tulsa , Oklahoma , aka North Pole South , where EVERYDAY is Christmas !
1	(Each room; is equipped with DSTV; for those)	Each room	is equipped with DSTV	for those	Each room is equipped with DSTV for those who opt for a quiet night .
1	(Easter; is; a time when Christians celebrate Christ giving his life to wash away our sins and when he was resurrected)	Easter	is	a time when Christians celebrate Christ giving his life to wash away our sins and when he was resurrected	Easter is a time when Christians celebrate Christ giving his life to wash away our sins and when he was resurrected .
1	(Ebay; allow; sellers to charge for both postage and packaging and also add a handling charge to this too)	Ebay	allow	sellers to charge for both postage and packaging and also add a handling charge to this too	Ebay allow sellers to charge for both postage and packaging and also add a handling charge to this too .
1	(Edwards; came way back; at 29.9 %)	Edwards	came way back	at 29.9 %	Obama won with 37.5 % , Edwards came in second at 29.9 % , Clinton in third at 29.4 % and Bill Richardson way back in fourth at 2.1 % .
1	(Edwards; came way back; in second)	Edwards	came way back	in second	Obama won with 37.5 % , Edwards came in second at 29.9 % , Clinton in third at 29.4 % and Bill Richardson way back in fourth at 2.1 % .
1	(El Salvador; consists of one of the largest populations in that Region; with approximately 6.9 million people)	El Salvador	consists of one of the largest populations in that Region	with approximately 6.9 million people	El Salvador is located in Central America and consists of one of the largest populations in that Region , with approximately 6.9 million people .
1	(El Salvador; is located; in Central America)	El Salvador	is located	in Central America	El Salvador is located in Central America and consists of one of the largest populations in that Region , with approximately 6.9 million people .
1	(Elections; are held; in September)	Elections	are held	in September	Elections are held in September with the officers assuming their positions on October 1 .
1	(Elvis Presley; died; in 1977)	Elvis Presley	died	in 1977	According to the San Francisco Chronicle When Elvis Presley died in 1977 , there were an estimated 37 Elvis impersonators in the world .
1	(Elvis; give; great performance)	Elvis	give	great performance	Elvis was a great singer and always give great performance but behind those great work he had done , his family was broken .
1	(Elvis; was; a great singer)	Elvis	was	a great singer	Elvis was a great singer and always give great performance but behind those great work he had done , his family was broken .
1	(England; became; a republic)	England	became	a republic	England became a republic and in 1660 a new Parliament was installed under Charles II , son of Charles I. The Stuart line continued to rule England and Scotland until Anne Stuart , who became Queen in 1702 .
1	(England; was; a good team)	England	was	a good team	I thought England was a good team but then I saw Lomu hand off Will Carling , and walk over Tony Underwood , I got terrified .
1	(English; is the language of; administration)	English	is the language of	administration	English is the language of administration , education , and commerce .
1	(English; is; the language of administration , education , and commerce)	English	is	the language of administration , education , and commerce	English is the language of administration , education , and commerce .
1	(Estonia; joined; the European Union , the first Baltic nation to do so , as well as NATO)	Estonia	joined	the European Union , the first Baltic nation to do so , as well as NATO	In 2004 , Estonia joined the European Union , the first Baltic nation to do so , as well as NATO .
1	(Everyday; is like Christmas; when the new fabrics arrive)	Everyday	is like Christmas	when the new fabrics arrive	Everyday is like Christmas when the new fabrics arrive .
1	(Everything that belongs to Jesus; belongs; to His church)	Everything that belongs to Jesus	belongs	to His church	Everything that belongs to Jesus belongs to His church .
1	(Ex-UN Weapons Inspector Ritter; says; Iran does not have the bomb nor is it close to a bomb-Washington does not want to hear that and is in full attack mode)	Ex-UN Weapons Inspector Ritter	says	Iran does not have the bomb nor is it close to a bomb-Washington does not want to hear that and is in full attack mode	Ex-UN Weapons Inspector Ritter says Iran does not have the bomb nor is it close to a bomb-Washington does not want to hear that and is in full attack mode .
1	(Exxon; is called; ExxonMobil)	Exxon	is called	ExxonMobil	Exxon merged with Mobil in 1999 and is now called ExxonMobil .
1	(Exxon; merged with Mobil; in 1999)	Exxon	merged with Mobil	in 1999	Exxon merged with Mobil in 1999 and is now called ExxonMobil .
1	(FDA; approved; medication)	FDA	approved	medication	Simple , Quick , Affordable eDrugsOnline offers online prescriptions for FDA approved medication .
1	(Fabricio Oberto; added 11 rebounds; in 37 effective minutes)	Fabricio Oberto	added 11 rebounds	in 37 effective minutes	Manu Ginobili scored 22 points and Fabricio Oberto added 11 rebounds in 37 effective minutes , supporting Duncan 's 19-point effort and keying a 91-79 Spurs win .
1	(Fariba; [is] a married mother of; three)	Fariba	[is] a married mother of	three	Nine years ago , as the Taliban took control of Kabul and much of the country , Fariba , a married mother of three , fled with her family to Peshawar in Pakistan .
1	(Filming; began; in September)	Filming	began	in September	Filming began in September with Sarah Jessica Parker , Kim Cattrall , Kristin Davis and Cynthia Nixon returning to reprise their respective roles as Carrie , Samantha , Charlotte and Miranda .
1	(Filming; began; with Sarah Jessica Parker , Kim Cattrall , Kristin Davis and Cynthia Nixon)	Filming	began	with Sarah Jessica Parker , Kim Cattrall , Kristin Davis and Cynthia Nixon	Filming began in September with Sarah Jessica Parker , Kim Cattrall , Kristin Davis and Cynthia Nixon returning to reprise their respective roles as Carrie , Samantha , Charlotte and Miranda .
1	(Fiona; tells Shrek; that she is indeed pregnant)	Fiona	tells Shrek	that she is indeed pregnant	Finally Fiona tells Shrek that she is indeed pregnant , Shrek begins to have nightmares and fears that he will not be able to be a good father .
1	(Firefox; was; the better browser)	Firefox	was	the better browser	It was obvious that Firefox was the better browser .
1	(Florence; is the capital of; Tuscany)	Florence	is the capital of	Tuscany	Florence is the capital of Tuscany and is at the heart of beautiful countryside famed for its traditions and cuisine .
1	(Florence; is; at the heart of beautiful countryside)	Florence	is	at the heart of beautiful countryside	Florence is the capital of Tuscany and is at the heart of beautiful countryside famed for its traditions and cuisine .
1	(Florence; is; the capital of Tuscany)	Florence	is	the capital of Tuscany	Florence is the capital of Tuscany and is at the heart of beautiful countryside famed for its traditions and cuisine .
1	(Florida; is called; The Sunshine State)	Florida	is called	The Sunshine State	In the winter , you will know why Florida is called The Sunshine State .
1	(Forest Whitaker; takes home; his statue for being a king and Hollywood royalty-Scorsese)	Forest Whitaker	takes home	his statue for being a king and Hollywood royalty-Scorsese	A truly regal night-Mirren gets an Oscar for playing the queen , Forest Whitaker takes home his statue for being a king and Hollywood royalty-Scorsese-gets a gong , finally .
1	(Former Indonesian dictator Suharto; moved; his hands)	Former Indonesian dictator Suharto	moved	his hands	Former Indonesian dictator Suharto moved his hands and spoke in a whisper today in what doctors called a miraculous recovery after more than two weeks on life support with multiple organ failure .
1	(Former Indonesian dictator Suharto; spoke; in a whisper)	Former Indonesian dictator Suharto	spoke	in a whisper	Former Indonesian dictator Suharto moved his hands and spoke in a whisper today in what doctors called a miraculous recovery after more than two weeks on life support with multiple organ failure .
1	(Former Indonesian dictator Suharto; spoke; in what doctors called a miraculous recovery after more than two weeks on life support with multiple organ failure)	Former Indonesian dictator Suharto	spoke	in what doctors called a miraculous recovery after more than two weeks on life support with multiple organ failure	Former Indonesian dictator Suharto moved his hands and spoke in a whisper today in what doctors called a miraculous recovery after more than two weeks on life support with multiple organ failure .
1	(Former Indonesian dictator Suharto; spoke; today)	Former Indonesian dictator Suharto	spoke	today	Former Indonesian dictator Suharto moved his hands and spoke in a whisper today in what doctors called a miraculous recovery after more than two weeks on life support with multiple organ failure .
1	(Former UN chief Kofi Annan; brought; Kenya 's political rivals)	Former UN chief Kofi Annan	brought	Kenya 's political rivals	Former UN chief Kofi Annan brought together Kenya 's political rivals on Tuesday in a push to end a post-election crisis and deepening tribal bloodshed .
1	(Former UN chief Kofi Annan; brought; together)	Former UN chief Kofi Annan	brought	together	Former UN chief Kofi Annan brought together Kenya 's political rivals on Tuesday in a push to end a post-election crisis and deepening tribal bloodshed .
1	(Former UN chief Kofi Annan; deepening; tribal bloodshed)	Former UN chief Kofi Annan	deepening	tribal bloodshed	Former UN chief Kofi Annan brought together Kenya 's political rivals on Tuesday in a push to end a post-election crisis and deepening tribal bloodshed .
1	(France; has; nukes)	France	has	nukes	Further to this point , France has nukes , the UK has nukes .
1	(Fred Thompson; is running for president; for one reason)	Fred Thompson	is running for president	for one reason	Fred Thompson is running for president for one reason and one reason only .
1	(Fred; is; the Best Choice)	Fred	is	the Best Choice	Fred is the Best Choice .
1	(Free Polish Forces; prepared to defend; Paris)	Free Polish Forces	prepared to defend	Paris	In May 1940 , when Germany attacked France , Free Polish Forces prepared to defend Paris .
1	(Free Polish Forces; prepared; to defend Paris)	Free Polish Forces	prepared	to defend Paris	In May 1940 , when Germany attacked France , Free Polish Forces prepared to defend Paris .
1	(Fresh fruits , vegetables and other products; are sold; to the public)	Fresh fruits , vegetables and other products	are sold	to the public	Fresh fruits , vegetables and other products are also sold to the public through a weekly farm stand , which operates from 10 am to 3 pm Saturday .
1	(Frida Kahlo; was born; in 1907)	Frida Kahlo	was born	in 1907	Frida Kahlo was born in 1907 in Coyoacan Mexico .
1	(Frida Kahlo; was born; in Coyoacan Mexico)	Frida Kahlo	was born	in Coyoacan Mexico	Frida Kahlo was born in 1907 in Coyoacan Mexico .
1	(Funeral service; will be at 1:30 pm; Saturday)	Funeral service	will be at 1:30 pm	Saturday	Funeral service will be at 1:30 pm Saturday at Kimple Funeral Chapel in Ellinwood , with the Rev. Larry Young officiating .
1	(Funeral service; will be at 1:30 pm; at Kimple Funeral Chapel in Ellinwood)	Funeral service	will be at 1:30 pm	at Kimple Funeral Chapel in Ellinwood	Funeral service will be at 1:30 pm Saturday at Kimple Funeral Chapel in Ellinwood , with the Rev. Larry Young officiating .
1	(Funeral services; will be at 9:30 am; Tuesday)	Funeral services	will be at 9:30 am	Tuesday	Funeral services will be at 9:30 am Tuesday at the funeral home and at 10 am at St .
1	(Funeral services; will be at 9:30 am; at the funeral home and at 10 am)	Funeral services	will be at 9:30 am	at the funeral home and at 10 am	Funeral services will be at 9:30 am Tuesday at the funeral home and at 10 am at St .
1	(G brands; touch; the lives of people around the world)	G brands	touch	the lives of people around the world	Three billion times a day , P&amp;G brands touch the lives of people around the world .
1	(Galileo; died; after having suffered blindness in the last four years of his life)	Galileo	died	after having suffered blindness in the last four years of his life	Galileo died in 1642 after having suffered blindness in the last four years of his life and leaving his inventions , discoveries , books , and his devotion to science to future generations , that is , to us .
1	(Galileo; died; in 1642)	Galileo	died	in 1642	Galileo died in 1642 after having suffered blindness in the last four years of his life and leaving his inventions , discoveries , books , and his devotion to science to future generations , that is , to us .
1	(George; was; the guy that you met)	George	was	the guy that you met	George was the guy that you met when you wanted to be introduced to Ranger baseball .
1	(Germany; attacked; France)	Germany	attacked	France	In May 1940 , when Germany attacked France , Free Polish Forces prepared to defend Paris .
1	(Germany; was running; a close second)	Germany	was running	a close second	At last glance , the United States was in the lead , and Germany was running a close second .
1	(Gibson; really believes; that the Jews run Hollywood so that he 's REALLY shitting some holy bricks over this all getting out)	Gibson	really believes	that the Jews run Hollywood so that he 's REALLY shitting some holy bricks over this all getting out	I hope Gibson really believes that the Jews run Hollywood so that he 's REALLY shitting some holy bricks over this all getting out .
1	(Gibson; really believes; that the Jews run Hollywood)	Gibson	really believes	that the Jews run Hollywood	I hope Gibson really believes that the Jews run Hollywood so that he 's REALLY shitting some holy bricks over this all getting out .
1	(Glenrothes; led; the way in Scotland)	Glenrothes	led	the way in Scotland	Glenrothes led the way in Scotland being the first new town to desean jackson a town artist in 1968 .
1	(God 's word; is very; clear)	God 's word	is very	clear	God 's word is very clear that Jesus Christ is the only way to salvation .
1	(God; had told Moses; His plan to use him in delivering the Israelites from Egyptian bondage , and Moses had asked whom)	God	had told Moses	His plan to use him in delivering the Israelites from Egyptian bondage , and Moses had asked whom	God had told Moses His plan to use him in delivering the Israelites from Egyptian bondage , and Moses had asked whom he should tell the people had sent him .
1	(God; hardened; Pharaohs heart)	God	hardened	Pharaohs heart	First , the text states that God hardened Pharaohs heart .
1	(God; ordered Moses; to command Aaron to raise the rod)	God	ordered Moses	to command Aaron to raise the rod	God ordered Moses to command Aaron to raise the rod so that He might impel the Children of Israel to let Moses and Aaron lead them .
1	(God; sent His Son Jesus; to us)	God	sent His Son Jesus	to us	God sent His Son Jesus to us , but the world rejected Him , the world killed Him , put Him to death on the cross .
1	(God; would provide for Himself; the lamb for the burnt offering)	God	would provide for Himself	the lamb for the burnt offering	Abraham told Isaac that God would provide for Himself the lamb for the burnt offering .
1	(Gomebox; will be; the sole arbiter as to what constitutes a violation of the AUP)	Gomebox	will be	the sole arbiter as to what constitutes a violation of the AUP	Gomebox will be the sole arbiter as to what constitutes a violation of the AUP.
1	(Google went to great lengths; said; Don MacAskill)	Google went to great lengths	said	Don MacAskill	Google went to great lengths to create a dorm atmosphere , said Don MacAskill , the 30-year-old chief executive and chief geek .
1	(Google; bought; Blogger)	Google	bought	Blogger	Since Google bought Blogger , I expect he had more than cab fare .
1	(Google; does not do execute search algorithms; on the search terms)	Google	does not do execute search algorithms	on the search terms	Likewise , Google does not do anything other than execute search algorithms on the search terms you enter .
1	(Google; has to bring a native Picasa; to Linux)	Google	has to bring a native Picasa	to Linux	Google has the power to bring a native Picasa to Linux .
1	(Google; has; the power to bring a native Picasa to Linux)	Google	has	the power to bring a native Picasa to Linux	Google has the power to bring a native Picasa to Linux .
1	(Google; is; a business not)	Google	is	a business not	In the end Google is a business not a charity !
1	(Google; owns; YouTube)	Google	owns	YouTube	I believe it 's more likely that the link will be around now that Google owns YouTube .
1	(Google; went to create; a dorm atmosphere)	Google	went to create	a dorm atmosphere	Google went to great lengths to create a dorm atmosphere , said Don MacAskill , the 30-year-old chief executive and chief geek .
1	(Google; went; to create a dorm atmosphere)	Google	went	to create a dorm atmosphere	Google went to great lengths to create a dorm atmosphere , said Don MacAskill , the 30-year-old chief executive and chief geek .
1	(Google; went; to great lengths)	Google	went	to great lengths	Google went to great lengths to create a dorm atmosphere , said Don MacAskill , the 30-year-old chief executive and chief geek .
1	(Governor Ernie Fletcher; announced; today)	Governor Ernie Fletcher	announced	today	United States to host games for first time 06/12/2005 FRANKFORT , KY - The 2010 World Equestrian Games will be in Lexington at the Kentucky Horse Park , Governor Ernie Fletcher announced today .
1	(Great feeling; makes; the middle range of the V-Drums line)	Great feeling	makes	the middle range of the V-Drums line	Great feeling , great sounding the new V-Stage Series TD-12K makes the middle range of the V-Drums line feel like first class .
1	(Greatest hits albums; include; songs)	Greatest hits albums	include	songs	Greatest hits albums include songs from way back .
1	(Guide; provides; an overview of poker rooms offering games such as Omaha Poker , Texas Hold 'em , seven-card stud , five-card stud , and one-on-one games)	Guide	provides	an overview of poker rooms offering games such as Omaha Poker , Texas Hold 'em , seven-card stud , five-card stud , and one-on-one games	Description :Guide provides an overview of poker rooms offering games such as Omaha Poker , Texas Hold 'em , seven-card stud , five-card stud , and one-on-one games .
1	(Gwen Todd and Steve Strayer; running; against three incumbents)	Gwen Todd and Steve Strayer	running	against three incumbents	It 's David meets Goliath this year on the Washington Hospital Board of Directors , with two Libertarian would-be reformers Gwen Todd and Steve Strayer running against three incumbents .
1	(HD-DVD; has; a chance)	HD-DVD	has	a chance	No new posts Does ANYBOD Y still think HD-DVD has a chance .
1	(Haaretz; reports; today)	Haaretz	reports	today	Betz , Haaretz reports today , Obama : opponents trying to weaken my support in Jewish communities .
1	(Hair Stylists; Get; to know the gifted stylists)	Hair Stylists	Get	to know the gifted stylists	Hair Stylists Get to know the gifted stylists who make up the John Frieda team .
1	(Hair Stylists; to know; the gifted stylists who make up the John Frieda team)	Hair Stylists	to know	the gifted stylists who make up the John Frieda team	Hair Stylists Get to know the gifted stylists who make up the John Frieda team .
1	(Haley; tells; Nathan)	Haley	tells	Nathan	Haley tells Nathan but he pretents to still be sleeping .
1	(Halloween; was; something I had n't seen in quite a while)	Halloween	was	something I had n't seen in quite a while	You see , Halloween was something I had n't seen in quite a while .
1	(Halo 2 fans; to take; the plunge)	Halo 2 fans	to take	the plunge	Since Microsoft owns Bungie , Halo games are Xbox exclusives , which may spur Halo 2 fans to finally take the plunge and upgrade to a 360 .
1	(Halo 2 fans; to upgrade; to a 360)	Halo 2 fans	to upgrade	to a 360	Since Microsoft owns Bungie , Halo games are Xbox exclusives , which may spur Halo 2 fans to finally take the plunge and upgrade to a 360 .
1	(Halo games; are; Xbox exclusives)	Halo games	are	Xbox exclusives	Since Microsoft owns Bungie , Halo games are Xbox exclusives , which may spur Halo 2 fans to finally take the plunge and upgrade to a 360 .
1	(Hamlet; asks Horatio and the guards; to swear secrecy about the ghostly visitations)	Hamlet	asks Horatio and the guards	to swear secrecy about the ghostly visitations	Rather , Hamlet asks Horatio and the guards to swear secrecy about the ghostly visitations .
1	(Harriet Tubman; [is] the granddaughter of; an African ,)	Harriet Tubman	[is] the granddaughter of	an African ,	Harriet Tubman , the granddaughter of an African , was born into slavery around 1820 in Dorchester County , Md .
1	(Harriet Tubman; was born; in Dorchester County)	Harriet Tubman	was born	in Dorchester County	Harriet Tubman , the granddaughter of an African , was born into slavery around 1820 in Dorchester County , Md .
1	(Harriet Tubman; was born; into slavery around 1820)	Harriet Tubman	was born	into slavery around 1820	Harriet Tubman , the granddaughter of an African , was born into slavery around 1820 in Dorchester County , Md .
1	(Harriet couple but; has never felt; right to me)	Harriet couple but	has never felt	right to me	Ive toyed with the idea of completing merging finances like a happy Ozzie &amp; Harriet couple but it has never felt right to me .
1	(Harris; told police; his stepdaughters died while he was casting a spell)	Harris	told police	his stepdaughters died while he was casting a spell	Harris told police his stepdaughters died while he was casting a spell that had gone bad .
1	(Harry Reid; [is] leader [of]; Senate)	Harry Reid	[is] leader [of]	Senate	Senate leader Harry Reid recently announced that the US had lost the war in Iraq .
1	(He; is; married to Donna)	He	is	married to Donna	He is married to Donna , and the couple have three children , Ruth , Anna , and Samuel .
1	(He; might impel; the Children of Israel)	He	might impel	the Children of Israel	God ordered Moses to command Aaron to raise the rod so that He might impel the Children of Israel to let Moses and Aaron lead them .
1	(He; said; You have heard that it was said , ' An eye for an eye)	He	said	You have heard that it was said , ' An eye for an eye	Jesus understood this and that 's why He said , You have heard that it was said , ' An eye for an eye .
1	(Helen Keller; was born; in Tuscumbia)	Helen Keller	was born	in Tuscumbia	Helen Keller was born in Tuscumbia , Alabama .
1	(Henry Ford; said; history is bunk as he was busy reinventing American industry a century ago)	Henry Ford	said	history is bunk as he was busy reinventing American industry a century ago	It was Henry Ford who said history is bunk as he was busy reinventing American industry a century ago .
1	(Henry; confiscated; all the churchs lands)	Henry	confiscated	all the churchs lands	Henry made himself head of the church and confiscated all the churchs lands for his own .
1	(Henry; made; himself head of the church)	Henry	made	himself head of the church	Henry made himself head of the church and confiscated all the churchs lands for his own .
1	(Hermione; looked at Harry; again)	Hermione	looked at Harry	again	Hermione looked at Harry again , annoyed and perplexed .
1	(Hes; gained; weight)	Hes	gained	weight	Hes gained weight and is back to his old self .
1	(Hes; got; the moves and the muscles to prove it)	Hes	got	the moves and the muscles to prove it	Hes got the moves and the muscles to prove it .
1	(Hes; is; back to his old self)	Hes	is	back to his old self	Hes gained weight and is back to his old self .
1	(Hezbollah; attacked; Israel)	Hezbollah	attacked	Israel	Hezbollah attacked Israel without any knowledge of the government .
1	(Hezbollah; killing; civilians)	Hezbollah	killing	civilians	Hezbollah fires rockets into Israeli towns and cities , killing civilians , and then shouts war crimes when Israel shoots back and kills civilians .
1	(Hillary Clinton; should n't be president; because she 1 screwed up that national health care initiative of hers back in '94)	Hillary Clinton	should n't be president	because she 1 screwed up that national health care initiative of hers back in '94	Some say Hillary Clinton should n't be president because she 1 screwed up that national health care initiative of hers back in '94 , and because 2 she 's married to Bill .
1	(Hillary; is some wannabee senator from; NY)	Hillary	is some wannabee senator from	NY	Jerry , Jerry , Jerry , so you say that Hillary is some wannabee senator from NY who got elected just because her last name was Clinton .
1	(Hillary; is; a Liar)	Hillary	is	a Liar	Hillary is a Liar !
1	(Hillary; is; some wannabee senator from NY)	Hillary	is	some wannabee senator from NY	Jerry , Jerry , Jerry , so you say that Hillary is some wannabee senator from NY who got elected just because her last name was Clinton .
1	(Hillary; takes; the nomination)	Hillary	takes	the nomination	I am betting that Hillary takes the nomination .
1	(History; says; that Rama who killed Ravana , in his endeavour to redeem his consort seetha regretted for his evil deed and worshipped the sacred place)	History	says	that Rama who killed Ravana , in his endeavour to redeem his consort seetha regretted for his evil deed and worshipped the sacred place	History says that Rama who killed Ravana , in his endeavour to redeem his consort seetha regretted for his evil deed and worshipped the sacred place Rameswaram .
1	(Hitler; was; a christian)	Hitler	was	a christian	Yes , Virginia , Hitler was a christian .
1	(Horatio and the guards; to swear; secrecy about the ghostly visitations)	Horatio and the guards	to swear	secrecy about the ghostly visitations	Rather , Hamlet asks Horatio and the guards to swear secrecy about the ghostly visitations .
1	(House; asks Cuddy; for permission)	House	asks Cuddy	for permission	House asks Cuddy for permission to perform electroshock therapy on Derek .
1	(Houston; is the fourth largest city in; the US)	Houston	is the fourth largest city in	the US	Houston is the fourth largest city in the US and growing .
1	(Houston; is; the fourth largest city in the US and growing)	Houston	is	the fourth largest city in the US and growing	Houston is the fourth largest city in the US and growing .
1	(How former muslim farhad found Jesus; is; more than a prophet)	How former muslim farhad found Jesus	is	more than a prophet	How former muslim farhad found Jesus is more than a prophet .
1	(Howard; told; parliament)	Howard	told	parliament	I think that is highly appropriate , given the importance of these Games , Howard told parliament .
1	(Howard; was preceded; by his father)	Howard	was preceded	by his father	Howard was preceded in death by his father , Warren M. Helen pulled her mouth away and Beast Porn her handiwork .
1	(Howard; was preceded; in death)	Howard	was preceded	in death	Howard was preceded in death by his father , Warren M. Helen pulled her mouth away and Beast Porn her handiwork .
1	(Hu; says; China to speed up modernization of military)	Hu	says	China to speed up modernization of military	Hu says China to speed up modernization of military .
1	(Huck; wins; IA)	Huck	wins	IA	Huck wins IA , McCain wins NH , Romney wins MI and their campaign is thrown into utter chaos , with a down and dirty fight to the nomination .
1	(Humans; are biologically programmed; for what has become known as extended breastfeeding)	Humans	are biologically programmed	for what has become known as extended breastfeeding	Humans are in fact biologically programmed for what has become known as extended breastfeeding .
1	(Hurricane Katrina; struck the Gulf Coast; in 2005)	Hurricane Katrina	struck the Gulf Coast	in 2005	But when Hurricane Katrina struck the Gulf Coast in 2005 , the new departments shortcomings were revealed , leading to a reorganization .
1	(I; 've having; the same problem with my PC)	I	've having	the same problem with my PC	Hi my name is Suzanne , I 've having the same problem with my PC , no sound at all .
1	(I; admire; people who know English)	I	admire	people who know English	I admire people who know English .
1	(I; am; 12 years old)	I	am	12 years old	My name is George , I am 12 years old and I live in Adelaide , which is the capital city of South Australia .
1	(I; became frightened and depressed; when Ronald Regan was president and rattling nuclear sabers)	I	became frightened and depressed	when Ronald Regan was president and rattling nuclear sabers	I became frightened and depressed when Ronald Regan was president and rattling nuclear sabers .
1	(I; caught the cleaning bug; this morning)	I	caught the cleaning bug	this morning	Since yesterday was Palm Sunday , I caught the cleaning bug this morning .
1	(I; caught; the cleaning bug; this morning)	I	caught	the cleaning bug; this morning	Since yesterday was Palm Sunday , I caught the cleaning bug this morning .
1	(I; do know; that Iraq is nothing like Vietnam , at least not in terms of casualities -- several hundred dead)	I	do know	that Iraq is nothing like Vietnam , at least not in terms of casualities -- several hundred dead	I do know that Iraq is nothing like Vietnam , at least not in terms of casualities -- several hundred dead versus 50,000 .
1	(I; do not believe; that Washington was a deist , as Jefferson was)	I	do not believe	that Washington was a deist , as Jefferson was	I have also said that I do not believe that Washington was a deist , as Jefferson was .
1	(I; explained; that Woodson chose February because he felt that the three greatest Americans were born during that month)	I	explained	that Woodson chose February because he felt that the three greatest Americans were born during that month	Furthermore , I explained that Woodson chose February because he felt that the three greatest Americans were born during that month .
1	(I; have said; that I do not believe that Washington was a deist , as Jefferson was)	I	have said	that I do not believe that Washington was a deist , as Jefferson was	I have also said that I do not believe that Washington was a deist , as Jefferson was .
1	(I; heard; a song about how Jesus did nt need to be nailed to the cross)	I	heard	a song about how Jesus did nt need to be nailed to the cross	I once heard a song about how Jesus did nt need to be nailed to the cross because His love would have kept Him there .
1	(I; hope; Gibson really believes that the Jews run Hollywood so that he 's REALLY shitting some holy bricks over this all getting out)	I	hope	Gibson really believes that the Jews run Hollywood so that he 's REALLY shitting some holy bricks over this all getting out	I hope Gibson really believes that the Jews run Hollywood so that he 's REALLY shitting some holy bricks over this all getting out .
1	(I; hope; the gives me a day free because they know how important this game is for me)	I	hope	the gives me a day free because they know how important this game is for me	Im stuck in the middle but I hope the gives me a day free because they know how important this game is for me .
1	(I; like; KDE)	I	like	KDE	I like KDE , but Ubuntu uses Gnome , this is my problem .
1	(I; live; in Adelaide)	I	live	in Adelaide	My name is George , I am 12 years old and I live in Adelaide , which is the capital city of South Australia .
1	(I; think; Santa Claus is a woman)	I	think	Santa Claus is a woman	Santa Claus is a Woman I think Santa Claus is a woman .
1	(I; would like to help spread the word; as a tribute to my mom)	I	would like to help spread the word	as a tribute to my mom	September is Ovarian Cancer awareness month and I would like to help spread the word as a tribute to my mom .
1	(I; would like to help; spread the word as a tribute to my mom)	I	would like to help	spread the word as a tribute to my mom	September is Ovarian Cancer awareness month and I would like to help spread the word as a tribute to my mom .
1	(I; would like; to help spread the word as a tribute to my mom)	I	would like	to help spread the word as a tribute to my mom	September is Ovarian Cancer awareness month and I would like to help spread the word as a tribute to my mom .
1	(IMHO; is; a good thing)	IMHO	is	a good thing	IMHO , Choice/competition is a good thing !
1	(Id; hate; to have to be in the positon of defending him)	Id	hate	to have to be in the positon of defending him	Im not certain what I would do in a general election campaign if Edwards is the nominee , but Id hate to have to be in the positon of defending him .
1	(Im; As typing; this article)	Im	As typing	this article	As Im typing this article , Ive received an email that I need to coordinate interviews ahead of time .
1	(Im; not terribly bothered; by this one-itsa bit aggressive)	Im	not terribly bothered	by this one-itsa bit aggressive	Im not terribly bothered by this one-itsa bit aggressive , but it got a laugh , and McCain answered the question , unlike Bush , who jokes and evades questions .
1	(Im; stuck; in the middle)	Im	stuck	in the middle	Im stuck in the middle but I hope the gives me a day free because they know how important this game is for me .
1	(Im; to see; if Word will support Blogger)	Im	to see	if Word will support Blogger	Im curious to see if Word will support Blogger , which is owned by Google .
1	(Imation CD-R; discs; store data)	Imation CD-R	discs	store data	Imation CD-R discs store data swiftly and permanently with 1x to 52x write speeds .
1	(India , Pakistan , and Israel; are not; NPT member states)	India , Pakistan , and Israel	are not	NPT member states	Since that time , India , Pakistan , and Israel have developed nuclear weapons , but are not NPT member states .
1	(India , Pakistan , and Israel; have developed; nuclear weapons)	India , Pakistan , and Israel	have developed	nuclear weapons	Since that time , India , Pakistan , and Israel have developed nuclear weapons , but are not NPT member states .
1	(India; has; the power to drown you with its size and diversity)	India	has	the power to drown you with its size and diversity	India has the power to drown you with its size and diversity .
1	(India; is divided into; 28 states and seven union territories)	India	is divided into	28 states and seven union territories	India is divided into 28 states and seven union territories .
1	(India; is divided; into 28 states and seven union territories)	India	is divided	into 28 states and seven union territories	India is divided into 28 states and seven union territories .
1	(India; is; in the process of negotiating a Free Trade Agreement with GCC and the first round of negotiation)	India	is	in the process of negotiating a Free Trade Agreement with GCC and the first round of negotiation	India is in the process of negotiating a Free Trade Agreement with GCC and the first round of negotiation was held on March - , 06 .
1	(India; is; the only country in the world with no history of anti-semitism)	India	is	the only country in the world with no history of anti-semitism	India is the only country in the world with no history of anti-semitism .
1	(International Development; is the part of; the UK government)	International Development	is the part of	the UK government	The Department for International Development is the part of the UK government that manages Britain 's aid to poor countries and works to eradicate extreme poverty .
1	(Internet Explorer; can not display; the webpage)	Internet Explorer	can not display	the webpage	IE : Internet Explorer cannot display the webpage This problem can be caused by a variety of issues , including : Internet connectivity has been lost .
1	(Interviews; were conducted; in Spanish)	Interviews	were conducted	in Spanish	Interviews were conducted in Spanish with parents who identified themselves as Latino and had at least one child between 4 and 8 years of age .
1	(Iran; does not have; an active nuclear weapons program)	Iran	does not have	an active nuclear weapons program	The apparent snub comes amid ongoing hostility between the two powers despite recent US claims that Iran does not have an active nuclear weapons program .
1	(Iran; does not have; the bomb)	Iran	does not have	the bomb	Ex-UN Weapons Inspector Ritter says Iran does not have the bomb nor is it close to a bomb-Washington does not want to hear that and is in full attack mode .
1	(Iran; from acquiring; nuclear technology)	Iran	from acquiring	nuclear technology	Bush told Olmert he will not allow Iran to acquire nuclear weapons , but US officials have cast doubt over Washington 's capability to prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear technology .
1	(Iran; obtain; nuclear weapons)	Iran	obtain	nuclear weapons	Israel cannot let Iran obtain nuclear weapons , Acting Prime Minister Ehud Olmert said Tuesday , spearheading stepped up Israeli diplomatic efforts to help keep the Bomb out of Teherans hands .
1	(Iran; to acquire; nuclear weapons)	Iran	to acquire	nuclear weapons	Bush told Olmert he will not allow Iran to acquire nuclear weapons , but US officials have cast doubt over Washington 's capability to prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear technology .
1	(Iraq; does nt have; an army)	Iraq	does nt have	an army	How can chimpy brag about kicking ass when Iraq does nt have an army .
1	(Iraq; had; ties to Al Qaeda)	Iraq	had	ties to Al Qaeda	In the beginning , we were going because Iraq had ties to Al Qaeda .
1	(Iraq; had; weapons of mass destruction)	Iraq	had	weapons of mass destruction	Bush claimed Iraq had weapons of mass destruction .
1	(Iraq; is nothing like; Vietnam)	Iraq	is nothing like	Vietnam	I do know that Iraq is nothing like Vietnam , at least not in terms of casualities -- several hundred dead versus 50,000 .
1	(Iraq; is; nothing like Vietnam , at least not in terms of casualities -- several hundred dead)	Iraq	is	nothing like Vietnam , at least not in terms of casualities -- several hundred dead	I do know that Iraq is nothing like Vietnam , at least not in terms of casualities -- several hundred dead versus 50,000 .
1	(Iraqis; will go once more; this time to vote for candidates)	Iraqis	will go once more	this time to vote for candidates	And on December 15 , Iraqis will go to the polls once more , this time to vote for candidates who will serve a full term in office .
1	(Iraqis; will go once more; to the polls)	Iraqis	will go once more	to the polls	And on December 15 , Iraqis will go to the polls once more , this time to vote for candidates who will serve a full term in office .
1	(Ireland-Will Ferrell; has received; the James Joyce award)	Ireland-Will Ferrell	has received	the James Joyce award	DUBLIN , Ireland-Will Ferrell has received the James Joyce award but concedes he 's no literary expert .
1	(Ireland; is; the place to be next March to enjoy Ireland 's biggest party)	Ireland	is	the place to be next March to enjoy Ireland 's biggest party	So whether you are Irish or just wish you were , Ireland is the place to be next March to enjoy Ireland 's biggest party .
1	(Islam; is NOT; a violent religion)	Islam	is NOT	a violent religion	Again , Islam is NOT a violent religion .
1	(Israel; can not let; Iran obtain nuclear weapons)	Israel	can not let	Iran obtain nuclear weapons	Israel cannot let Iran obtain nuclear weapons , Acting Prime Minister Ehud Olmert said Tuesday , spearheading stepped up Israeli diplomatic efforts to help keep the Bomb out of Teherans hands .
1	(Israel; kills; civilians)	Israel	kills	civilians	Hezbollah fires rockets into Israeli towns and cities , killing civilians , and then shouts war crimes when Israel shoots back and kills civilians .
1	(Israel; needs; peace and the Palestinian people need peace and justice and I hope my limited influence will help to precipitate some steps)	Israel	needs	peace and the Palestinian people need peace and justice and I hope my limited influence will help to precipitate some steps	Carter went on to say , Israel needs peace and the Palestinian people need peace and justice and I hope my limited influence will help to precipitate some steps .
1	(Israel; shoots; back)	Israel	shoots	back	Hezbollah fires rockets into Israeli towns and cities , killing civilians , and then shouts war crimes when Israel shoots back and kills civilians .
1	(Israel; strikes; Iran)	Israel	strikes	Iran	Scenario : Israel strikes Iran .
1	(Israel; went; out of Egypt)	Israel	went	out of Egypt	When Israel went out of Egypt , the house of Jacob from a people of strange language ; Judah was his sanctuary , and Israel his dominion .
1	(Italy; has won; the world cup)	Italy	has won	the world cup	Italy has won the world cup !
1	(Italy; was Italy; because it was different)	Italy	was Italy	because it was different	In my opinion , Italy was Italy , because it was different , and it would have been preferable not to try to overcome , but rather to make use of , Italy 's differences .
1	(Ive; heard as well this argument; again and again)	Ive	heard as well this argument	again and again	Ive heard this argument again and again as well .
1	(Ive; posted; the video)	Ive	posted	the video	Ive posted the video below but want you to know that after this experience , I can tell you the college admission process is a walk in the park .
1	(Ive; seen; this book)	Ive	seen	this book	Ive seen this book and it sa truly great collection and a must for Valiant fans .
1	(Ive; set up this blog; as a place)	Ive	set up this blog	as a place	Ive set up this blog as a place to store my random musings on life , the universe and well , pretty much anything .
1	(Ive; talked; over the years)	Ive	talked	over the years	Robin : Ive talked to many people over the years and have gotten great quotes that helped me formulate ideas about how I wanted to do this .
1	(Ive; talked; to many people)	Ive	talked	to many people	Robin : Ive talked to many people over the years and have gotten great quotes that helped me formulate ideas about how I wanted to do this .
1	(Ive; worked; with people)	Ive	worked	with people	Ive worked with people who like the calf head sound in the studio , but that s just too hard to control on the road , and theyre just not dependable .
1	(Jacob; had four wives; at the same time)	Jacob	had four wives	at the same time	Jacob had four wives at the same time , and though the end came out well , his family went though terrible suffering .
1	(Jane; has; two children and a husband , all of whom share a passion for being in the country)	Jane	has	two children and a husband , all of whom share a passion for being in the country	Jane has two children and a husband , all of whom share a passion for being in the country , being on the beach and eating .
1	(January; turns; to February)	January	turns	to February	When January turns to February , you ca n't afford that kind of goal with any regularity .
1	(Japanese women who move to the United States; have increased; breast cancer rates that approach those of US-born women)	Japanese women who move to the United States	have increased	breast cancer rates that approach those of US-born women	Japanese women who move to the United States have increased breast cancer rates that approach those of US-born women .
1	(Jaron Lanier; led; the experiments)	Jaron Lanier	led	the experiments	Jaron Lanier , who coined the term virtual reality and who built the world 's first data glove in the early 1990s , led the experiments , using Internet2 .
1	(Jeff Gordon; win; the race)	Jeff Gordon	win	the race	I bet you were so happy to see Jeff Gordon win the race !
1	(Jeff and his wife; have; three children)	Jeff and his wife	have	three children	Jeff and his wife Kathy have three children : Kyle , Kristin and Nathanael .
1	(Jeff; hit the nail; on the head)	Jeff	hit the nail	on the head	I am afraid that Jeff hit the nail on the head .
1	(Jeff; was preceded; by his grandmother)	Jeff	was preceded	by his grandmother	Jeff was preceded in death by his grandmother , Ollie Cole ; and an uncle , Clyde Whiteman .
1	(Jeff; was preceded; in death)	Jeff	was preceded	in death	Jeff was preceded in death by his grandmother , Ollie Cole ; and an uncle , Clyde Whiteman .
1	(Jerusalem; being an open city under; neither nations control)	Jerusalem	being an open city under	neither nations control	When the UN created Israel they defined a specific geographical area for their nation and the remaining lands were to be for the establishment of an independent Arab nation with Jerusalem being an open city under neither nations control .
1	(Jerusalem; is the capital of; Israel)	Jerusalem	is the capital of	Israel	While Jerusalem is the capital of Israel , Tel Aviv is probably where Ahmadinejad envisions the nest of Jewish cockroaches as originating from .
1	(Jesus Christ; is Lord of; all)	Jesus Christ	is Lord of	all	A day is coming when every knee will bow and every tongue confess that Jesus Christ is Lord of all .
1	(Jesus Christ; is the only way to; salvation)	Jesus Christ	is the only way to	salvation	God 's word is very clear that Jesus Christ is the only way to salvation .
1	(Jesus Christ; is; my Lord and Savior)	Jesus Christ	is	my Lord and Savior	Jesus Christ is my Lord and Savior , and nothing can change that .
1	(Jesus Christ; is; the only way)	Jesus Christ	is	the only way	God 's word is very clear that Jesus Christ is the only way to salvation .
1	(Jesus; breathed; his last)	Jesus	breathed	his last	But Jesus gave a loud cry and breathed his last .
1	(Jesus; came; to Nazareth)	Jesus	came	to Nazareth	Luke 4:16 says when Jesus came to Nazareth , as his custom was , he went into the synagogue on the sabbath day , and stood up for to read .
1	(Jesus; came; to bring Life)	Jesus	came	to bring Life	Jesus came to bring Life , abundant Life .
1	(Jesus; did n't deserve; to be killed)	Jesus	did n't deserve	to be killed	He also said that Jesus had done nothing wrong and did n't deserve to be killed .
1	(Jesus; did n't have; a human father)	Jesus	did n't have	a human father	Jesus did n't have a human father .
1	(Jesus; did not rise; from the dead)	Jesus	did not rise	from the dead	If Jesus did not rise from the dead , then death has power over Him and has defeated Him .
1	(Jesus; did nt need; to be nailed to the cross)	Jesus	did nt need	to be nailed to the cross	I once heard a song about how Jesus did nt need to be nailed to the cross because His love would have kept Him there .
1	(Jesus; fulfilled; Law)	Jesus	fulfilled	Law	Moses brought the Law , and Jesus fulfilled that Law ; Mohammed thoroughly abrogated that Law and introduced one more to his fancy .
1	(Jesus; gave; a loud cry)	Jesus	gave	a loud cry	But Jesus gave a loud cry and breathed his last .
1	(Jesus; got; into a boat)	Jesus	got	into a boat	Such a large crowd had gathered that Jesus got into a boat , sat down in it , and taught from there as the people listened on the shore .
1	(Jesus; had done; nothing wrong)	Jesus	had done	nothing wrong	He also said that Jesus had done nothing wrong and did n't deserve to be killed .
1	(Jesus; is more than; a prophet)	Jesus	is more than	a prophet	How former muslim farhad found Jesus is more than a prophet .
1	(Jesus; is not; an Angel)	Jesus	is not	an Angel	What does the Bible state , Jesus is not an Angel .
1	(Jesus; is the only begotten Son of; God)	Jesus	is the only begotten Son of	God	Jesus is the only begotten Son of God the Father , conceived of the Holy Spirit and born of the virgin Mary .
1	(Jesus; is; lord and God and the Holy Spirit)	Jesus	is	lord and God and the Holy Spirit	I am a beliver and know Jesus is lord and God and the Holy Spirit watches over all of us .
1	(Jesus; is; the only begotten Son of God)	Jesus	is	the only begotten Son of God	Jesus is the only begotten Son of God the Father , conceived of the Holy Spirit and born of the virgin Mary .
1	(Jesus; is; the only way to be saved)	Jesus	is	the only way to be saved	I have learned from our family bible sharing and studies , that Jesus is the only way to be saved .
1	(Jesus; received teachings; from Yoga)	Jesus	received teachings	from Yoga	Some people believe Jesus received teachings from Yoga in India .
1	(Jesus; received teachings; in India)	Jesus	received teachings	in India	Some people believe Jesus received teachings from Yoga in India .
1	(Jesus; saw; Satan fall like lightning from the sky)	Jesus	saw	Satan fall like lightning from the sky	For Jesus saw Satan fall like lightning from the sky when he made his choice .
1	(Jesus; sent the DEMONS; into the pigs)	Jesus	sent the DEMONS	into the pigs	NOW I see why Jesus sent the DEMONS into the pigs , to make a point .
1	(Jesus; shouted; , Peace be still that the disciples were saved from that terrible storm on the Sea of Galilee)	Jesus	shouted	, Peace be still that the disciples were saved from that terrible storm on the Sea of Galilee	It was only when Jesus was in the boat and shouted , Peace be still that the disciples were saved from that terrible storm on the Sea of Galilee .
1	(Jesus; shouted; Peace be still that the disciples were saved from that terrible storm on the Sea of Galilee)	Jesus	shouted	Peace be still that the disciples were saved from that terrible storm on the Sea of Galilee	It was only when Jesus was in the boat and shouted , Peace be still that the disciples were saved from that terrible storm on the Sea of Galilee .
1	(Jesus; spoke truth; to show us what we are and grace to show us what we can become)	Jesus	spoke truth	to show us what we are and grace to show us what we can become	Jesus spoke truth to show us what we are and grace to show us what we can become .
1	(Jesus; spoke truth; to show us what we are and grace)	Jesus	spoke truth	to show us what we are and grace	Jesus spoke truth to show us what we are and grace to show us what we can become .
1	(Jesus; taught; as the people listened on the shore)	Jesus	taught	as the people listened on the shore	Such a large crowd had gathered that Jesus got into a boat , sat down in it , and taught from there as the people listened on the shore .
1	(Jesus; to bring; Life)	Jesus	to bring	Life	Jesus came to bring Life , abundant Life .
1	(Jesus; used to represent; all the Gentiles)	Jesus	used to represent	all the Gentiles	Jesus used the expression , from the east and west , to represent all the Gentiles .
1	(Jesus; used; the expression)	Jesus	used	the expression	Jesus used the expression , from the east and west , to represent all the Gentiles .
1	(Jesus; was tempted; by Satan)	Jesus	was tempted	by Satan	I know that Jesus was tempted by Satan , but Satan was literally standing before Jesus .
1	(Jesus; was with the disciples; for forty days)	Jesus	was with the disciples	for forty days	Jesus was with the disciples for forty days after the resurrection .
1	(Jesus; when came; to Nazareth)	Jesus	when came	to Nazareth	Luke 4:16 says when Jesus came to Nazareth , as his custom was , he went into the synagogue on the sabbath day , and stood up for to read .
1	(Jesus; will return at; the advent of the messianic age)	Jesus	will return at	the advent of the messianic age	Jesus will return from heaven at the advent of the messianic age , slay the Dajjal near Jerusalem , and then pray behind the Mahdi .
1	(Jesus; will return from; heaven)	Jesus	will return from	heaven	Jesus will return from heaven at the advent of the messianic age , slay the Dajjal near Jerusalem , and then pray behind the Mahdi .
1	(Jesus; will return; to this earth)	Jesus	will return	to this earth	According to this belief , Jesus will return to this earth in two phases .
1	(Jews , Christians , and Muslims; find; faith , freedom , and joy on the Sabbath / Christopher D. Ringwald)	Jews , Christians , and Muslims	find	faith , freedom , and joy on the Sabbath / Christopher D. Ringwald	A day apart : how Jews , Christians , and Muslims find faith , freedom , and joy on the Sabbath / Christopher D. Ringwald .
1	(Jews , Christians , and Muslims; how find; faith , freedom , and joy on the Sabbath / Christopher D. Ringwald)	Jews , Christians , and Muslims	how find	faith , freedom , and joy on the Sabbath / Christopher D. Ringwald	A day apart : how Jews , Christians , and Muslims find faith , freedom , and joy on the Sabbath / Christopher D. Ringwald .
1	(John Edwards; is; a trial lawyer and Hillary Rodham Clinton)	John Edwards	is	a trial lawyer and Hillary Rodham Clinton	John Edwards is a trial lawyer and Hillary Rodham Clinton might make a dandy Attorney General .
1	(John Lennon; after becoming disillusioned; when the maharishi allegedly made a pass at the actor Mia Farrow at his Indian ashram)	John Lennon	after becoming disillusioned	when the maharishi allegedly made a pass at the actor Mia Farrow at his Indian ashram	John Lennon wrote the song after becoming disillusioned when the maharishi allegedly made a pass at the actor Mia Farrow at his Indian ashram , but Lennon later changed the title at George Harrison 's instigation .
1	(John Lennon; wrote the song; after becoming disillusioned)	John Lennon	wrote the song	after becoming disillusioned	John Lennon wrote the song after becoming disillusioned when the maharishi allegedly made a pass at the actor Mia Farrow at his Indian ashram , but Lennon later changed the title at George Harrison 's instigation .
1	(John Lennon; wrote the song; when the maharishi allegedly made a pass at the actor Mia Farrow at his Indian ashram)	John Lennon	wrote the song	when the maharishi allegedly made a pass at the actor Mia Farrow at his Indian ashram	John Lennon wrote the song after becoming disillusioned when the maharishi allegedly made a pass at the actor Mia Farrow at his Indian ashram , but Lennon later changed the title at George Harrison 's instigation .
1	(John; baptizes; Jesus)	John	baptizes	Jesus	In Luke 's Gospel , John baptizes Jesus as seemingly just another face in the crowd , with no sign that he regarded his cousin as anything special .
1	(John; was; a Baptist)	John	was	a Baptist	John was a Baptist .
1	(Jones; carries twice; the ball)	Jones	carries twice	the ball	Jones carries the ball twice and gets almost as much yardage as Foster .
1	(Jones; gets; almost as much yardage)	Jones	gets	almost as much yardage	Jones carries the ball twice and gets almost as much yardage as Foster .
1	(Jordan; failed; to make it into the Major League)	Jordan	failed	to make it into the Major League	Jordan retired from basketball for a spell to play for the Birmingham Barons but failed to make it into the Major League .
1	(Jordan; retired from basketball; for a spell)	Jordan	retired from basketball	for a spell	Jordan retired from basketball for a spell to play for the Birmingham Barons but failed to make it into the Major League .
1	(Jordan; retired to play; for the Birmingham Barons)	Jordan	retired to play	for the Birmingham Barons	Jordan retired from basketball for a spell to play for the Birmingham Barons but failed to make it into the Major League .
1	(Josh Howard; had; 25 points and 10 rebounds)	Josh Howard	had	25 points and 10 rebounds	Josh Howard had 25 points and 10 rebounds , and the Mavericks beat New Orleans 105-89 Tuesday night for their 21st straight victory over the Hornets .
1	(Juno point and Brooklyn; are; the places to target the monsters though with several fish over the 30kg mark weighed in over the past week)	Juno point and Brooklyn	are	the places to target the monsters though with several fish over the 30kg mark weighed in over the past week	Juno point and Brooklyn are the places to target the monsters though with several fish over the 30kg mark weighed in over the past week .
1	(Jupiter; is; in opposition to Mars)	Jupiter	is	in opposition to Mars	Jupiter is in opposition to Mars , and the full Moon will be in the solar 7th House opposite Capricorn .
1	(Jurors; deliberated; for about two hours in the case of 44-year-old Leroy Jaramillo)	Jurors	deliberated	for about two hours in the case of 44-year-old Leroy Jaramillo	Jurors deliberated for about two hours in the case of 44-year-old Leroy Jaramillo .
1	(Juventus; was demoted to Serie B; for match-fixing)	Juventus	was demoted to Serie B	for match-fixing	Juventus was demoted to Serie B for match-fixing and stripped of its last two Serie A titles by a sports tribunal on Friday .
1	(KOBE; is the best player in; the NBA)	KOBE	is the best player in	the NBA	KOBE is the best player in the NBA .
1	(KOBE; is; the best player in the NBA)	KOBE	is	the best player in the NBA	KOBE is the best player in the NBA .
1	(Kate; had; a great time)	Kate	had	a great time	Kate had a great time .
1	(Kathy; is preceded; by parents Jim and Naomi Atkins)	Kathy	is preceded	by parents Jim and Naomi Atkins	Kathy is preceded in death by parents Jim and Naomi Atkins .
1	(Kathy; is preceded; in death)	Kathy	is preceded	in death	Kathy is preceded in death by parents Jim and Naomi Atkins .
1	(Kerry; supported too; the war)	Kerry	supported too	the war	Kerry supported the war too .
1	(Kerry; went; to Vietnam)	Kerry	went	to Vietnam	In fact , that photograph was taken in 1993 , when Kerry went to Vietnam as part of an official US delegation pursuing the POW/MIA issue .
1	(Kevin Rudd; [is] leader [of]; Labor Party)	Kevin Rudd	[is] leader [of]	Labor Party	Labor Party leader Kevin Rudd faces the media as he arrives to vote in the Rebecca lobo of Griffith in Brisbane .
1	(Kids; had a blast; when they mistook a fossil for a Dracolich also)	Kids	had a blast	when they mistook a fossil for a Dracolich also	Kids had a blast when they mistook a fossil for a Dracolich also .
1	(Kimi Raikkonen; wins to secure; his first F1 crown)	Kimi Raikkonen	wins to secure	his first F1 crown	Kimi Raikkonen wins the Brazilian Grand Prix to secure his first F1 crown , but an investigation into possible fuel irregularites is pending .
1	(Kimi Raikkonen; wins; the Brazilian Grand Prix)	Kimi Raikkonen	wins	the Brazilian Grand Prix	Kimi Raikkonen wins the Brazilian Grand Prix to secure his first F1 crown , but an investigation into possible fuel irregularites is pending .
1	(Korea; was a colony of Japan; only once)	Korea	was a colony of Japan	only once	Also , Korea was a colony of Japan only once .
1	(Korea; was a colony of; Japan)	Korea	was a colony of	Japan	Also , Korea was a colony of Japan only once .
1	(Labor Party leader Kevin Rudd; faces the media; as he arrives to vote in the Rebecca lobo of Griffith in Brisbane)	Labor Party leader Kevin Rudd	faces the media	as he arrives to vote in the Rebecca lobo of Griffith in Brisbane	Labor Party leader Kevin Rudd faces the media as he arrives to vote in the Rebecca lobo of Griffith in Brisbane .
1	(Lane Bryant; is the most recognized name in; plus-size clothing)	Lane Bryant	is the most recognized name in	plus-size clothing	Lane Bryant is the most recognized name in plus-size clothing , and our emphasis on fashionnot merely size makes us a style leader .
1	(Lane Bryant; is; the most recognized name in plus-size clothing)	Lane Bryant	is	the most recognized name in plus-size clothing	Lane Bryant is the most recognized name in plus-size clothing , and our emphasis on fashionnot merely size makes us a style leader .
1	(Languages; include; Japanese , Chinese , French , German , Spanish , Korean , and English)	Languages	include	Japanese , Chinese , French , German , Spanish , Korean , and English	Languages include Japanese , Chinese , French , German , Spanish , Korean , and English .
1	(Latina; is squeezing the cheese; out of a peeled banana in her dress)	Latina	is squeezing the cheese	out of a peeled banana in her dress	Stunning blonde is wearing this killer Latina is squeezing the cheese out of a peeled banana in her dress and holds her bountiful snack trays .
1	(Launceston; is; Tasmania 's second largest city and Australia 's third oldest city)	Launceston	is	Tasmania 's second largest city and Australia 's third oldest city	Launceston is Tasmania 's second largest city and Australia 's third oldest city .
1	(Laura; Little did know; when she sent a gift from abroad to her friend 's son)	Laura	Little did know	when she sent a gift from abroad to her friend 's son	Little did Laura know when she sent a gift from abroad to her friend 's son where these little shoes would take the threesome .
1	(Law and; introduced; one more to his fancy)	Law and	introduced	one more to his fancy	Moses brought the Law , and Jesus fulfilled that Law ; Mohammed thoroughly abrogated that Law and introduced one more to his fancy .
1	(Laws; protect; people)	Laws	protect	people	Laws should be in place in order to guard the peoples ' freedoms , and protect people .
1	(Lennon; changed; the title)	Lennon	changed	the title	John Lennon wrote the song after becoming disillusioned when the maharishi allegedly made a pass at the actor Mia Farrow at his Indian ashram , but Lennon later changed the title at George Harrison 's instigation .
1	(Little Theatre of Jefferson City 1005 Chestnut Street , Jefferson City; features great performances; throughout the year)	Little Theatre of Jefferson City 1005 Chestnut Street , Jefferson City	features great performances	throughout the year	Little Theatre of Jefferson City 1005 Chestnut Street , Jefferson City , MO 65101 , Jefferson City 's oldest community theatre features great performances throughout the year .
1	(Liverpool; beat Chelsea; in the champions league semi final)	Liverpool	beat Chelsea	in the champions league semi final	Firstly , can i just say yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee haaaaaaaaaaaaaaw get in you beauty , have it , Liverpool beat Chelsea last night in the champions league semi final .
1	(Liverpool; beat Chelsea; last night)	Liverpool	beat Chelsea	last night	Firstly , can i just say yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee haaaaaaaaaaaaaaw get in you beauty , have it , Liverpool beat Chelsea last night in the champions league semi final .
1	(Liverpool; beat; Chelsea)	Liverpool	beat	Chelsea	Firstly , can i just say yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee haaaaaaaaaaaaaaw get in you beauty , have it , Liverpool beat Chelsea last night in the champions league semi final .
1	(Liverpool; beat; in the champions league semi final)	Liverpool	beat	in the champions league semi final	Firstly , can i just say yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee haaaaaaaaaaaaaaw get in you beauty , have it , Liverpool beat Chelsea last night in the champions league semi final .
1	(Liverpool; beat; last night)	Liverpool	beat	last night	Firstly , can i just say yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee haaaaaaaaaaaaaaw get in you beauty , have it , Liverpool beat Chelsea last night in the champions league semi final .
1	(Location; was; Hayward)	Location	was	Hayward	Location was Hayward , California .
1	(Lomu; hand off; Will Carling)	Lomu	hand off	Will Carling	I thought England was a good team but then I saw Lomu hand off Will Carling , and walk over Tony Underwood , I got terrified .
1	(Louis Blues; ended; a seven-game winless streak)	Louis Blues	ended	a seven-game winless streak	Louis Blues ended a seven-game winless streak with a 3-2 win over the Toronto Maple Leafs .
1	(Luke 4:16; says; when Jesus came to Nazareth , as his custom was , he went into the synagogue on the sabbath day , and stood up for to read)	Luke 4:16	says	when Jesus came to Nazareth , as his custom was , he went into the synagogue on the sabbath day , and stood up for to read	Luke 4:16 says when Jesus came to Nazareth , as his custom was , he went into the synagogue on the sabbath day , and stood up for to read .
1	(Luke 4:16; says; when Jesus came to Nazareth , as his custom was , he went into the synagogue on the sabbath day , and stood up)	Luke 4:16	says	when Jesus came to Nazareth , as his custom was , he went into the synagogue on the sabbath day , and stood up	Luke 4:16 says when Jesus came to Nazareth , as his custom was , he went into the synagogue on the sabbath day , and stood up for to read .
1	(Luke; comes; to Jesus)	Luke	comes	to Jesus	In that passage , Luke 7:1-10 , the centurion comes to Jesus to beg on behalf of a beloved servant who is close to death .
1	(Luke; comes; to beg on behalf of a beloved servant)	Luke	comes	to beg on behalf of a beloved servant	In that passage , Luke 7:1-10 , the centurion comes to Jesus to beg on behalf of a beloved servant who is close to death .
1	(Manu Ginobili; scored; 22 points)	Manu Ginobili	scored	22 points	Manu Ginobili scored 22 points and Fabricio Oberto added 11 rebounds in 37 effective minutes , supporting Duncan 's 19-point effort and keying a 91-79 Spurs win .
1	(Many people; use the Internet; only for checking their emails)	Many people	use the Internet	only for checking their emails	Many people use the Internet only for checking their emails .
1	(Marilyn Monroe; was born; Norma Jeane Mortenson)	Marilyn Monroe	was born	Norma Jeane Mortenson	Marilyn Monroe was born Norma Jeane Mortenson on the 1st June , 1926 , in Los Angeles , California , to Gladys Baker .
1	(Marilyn Monroe; was born; on the 1st June , 1926 , in Los Angeles)	Marilyn Monroe	was born	on the 1st June , 1926 , in Los Angeles	Marilyn Monroe was born Norma Jeane Mortenson on the 1st June , 1926 , in Los Angeles , California , to Gladys Baker .
1	(Martha; complained; to Jesus)	Martha	complained	to Jesus	It is intriguing that Martha complained to Jesus and even ordered him about , as recorded in Luke 10:40 .
1	(Martha; even ordered him; about)	Martha	even ordered him	about	It is intriguing that Martha complained to Jesus and even ordered him about , as recorded in Luke 10:40 .
1	(Marty; goes; back to 1885)	Marty	goes	back to 1885	So Marty goes back to 1885 and meets his ancestors .
1	(Marty; meets; his ancestors)	Marty	meets	his ancestors	So Marty goes back to 1885 and meets his ancestors .
1	(Marx; When wrote The Communist Manifesto; in 1848)	Marx	When wrote The Communist Manifesto	in 1848	When Marx wrote The Communist Manifesto in 1848 , ideas of womens liber atio n were already a central part of revolutionary socialist theory : The bourgeois sees in his wife a mere instrument of production .
1	(Marx; wrote The Communist Manifesto; in 1848)	Marx	wrote The Communist Manifesto	in 1848	When Marx wrote The Communist Manifesto in 1848 , ideas of womens liber atio n were already a central part of revolutionary socialist theory : The bourgeois sees in his wife a mere instrument of production .
1	(Mary; is; Co-Redemptrix)	Mary	is	Co-Redemptrix	She is trying to get the Pope to proclaim that Mary is Co-Redemptrix .
1	(Marylands # 1 Tire Company; has immediate opportunities for; the right individuals)	Marylands # 1 Tire Company	has immediate opportunities for	the right individuals	Details : Marylands # 1 Tire Company , Mr. Tire , has immediate opportunities for the right individuals .
1	(McCain; answered the question; unlike Bush)	McCain	answered the question	unlike Bush	Im not terribly bothered by this one-itsa bit aggressive , but it got a laugh , and McCain answered the question , unlike Bush , who jokes and evades questions .
1	(McCain; wins; NH)	McCain	wins	NH	Huck wins IA , McCain wins NH , Romney wins MI and their campaign is thrown into utter chaos , with a down and dirty fight to the nomination .
1	(McIntyre; is; a magna cum laude graduate of Harvard)	McIntyre	is	a magna cum laude graduate of Harvard	McIntyre is a magna cum laude graduate of Harvard .
1	(Meetings; are held; at 1:00 PM)	Meetings	are held	at 1:00 PM	Meetings are held on the second Thursday of every month at 1:00 PM at St .
1	(Meetings; are held; at Ft)	Meetings	are held	at Ft	Meetings are held on the third Monday of every month at Ft .
1	(Meetings; are held; on the second Thursday of every month)	Meetings	are held	on the second Thursday of every month	Meetings are held on the second Thursday of every month at 1:00 PM at St .
1	(Meetings; are held; on the second Wednesday of every month)	Meetings	are held	on the second Wednesday of every month	Meetings are held on the second Wednesday of every month , 7pm at Grace College .
1	(Meetings; are held; on the third Monday of every month)	Meetings	are held	on the third Monday of every month	Meetings are held on the third Monday of every month at Ft .
1	(Meredith; pasted several stamps; Because she said it would take lots of stamps)	Meredith	pasted several stamps	Because she said it would take lots of stamps	Then Meredith pasted several stamps on the front of the envelope Because she said it would take lots of stamps to get the letter all the way to heaven .
1	(Meredith; pasted several stamps; on the front of the envelope)	Meredith	pasted several stamps	on the front of the envelope	Then Meredith pasted several stamps on the front of the envelope Because she said it would take lots of stamps to get the letter all the way to heaven .
1	(Michael Jackson; arrived; in Japan)	Michael Jackson	arrived	in Japan	Michael Jackson arrived in Japan with his 3 children .
1	(Michael and his wife; have; a son Sam and a West Highland Terrier)	Michael and his wife	have	a son Sam and a West Highland Terrier	Michael and his wife have a son Sam and a West Highland Terrier named Fergus , who makes his recording debut on Laugh and Play .
1	(Michigan; lost to Ohio State; on the field)	Michigan	lost to Ohio State	on the field	Michigan lost to Ohio State on the field .
1	(Michigan; lost; on the field)	Michigan	lost	on the field	Michigan lost to Ohio State on the field .
1	(Michigan; lost; to Ohio State)	Michigan	lost	to Ohio State	Michigan lost to Ohio State on the field .
1	(Michigan; lost; to Wisconsin)	Michigan	lost	to Wisconsin	Michigan lost to Wisconsin , and uh , Appalachian State !
1	(Microsoft Office 2003; must be installed; on the server that is running Windows SharePoint Services as well as)	Microsoft Office 2003	must be installed	on the server that is running Windows SharePoint Services as well as	In order to use these Web Parts , Microsoft Office 2003 must be installed on the server that is running Windows SharePoint Services as well as on the client machines .
1	(Microsoft; allows; users to customize that XML)	Microsoft	allows	users to customize that XML	Although Microsoft allows users to customize that XML , they do n't include tools or information on how to make the changes .
1	(Microsoft; discards each version; after only five years)	Microsoft	discards each version	after only five years	Microsoft spends billions of dollars developing new versions of windows , yet discards each version as worthless after only five years .
1	(Microsoft; has shown; dogged patience)	Microsoft	has shown	dogged patience	Still , Microsoft has deep pockets and has shown dogged patience .
1	(Microsoft; has; deep pockets)	Microsoft	has	deep pockets	Still , Microsoft has deep pockets and has shown dogged patience .
1	(Microsoft; owns; Bungie)	Microsoft	owns	Bungie	Since Microsoft owns Bungie , Halo games are Xbox exclusives , which may spur Halo 2 fans to finally take the plunge and upgrade to a 360 .
1	(Microsoft; revealed; that it will not release Windows Server 2008)	Microsoft	revealed	that it will not release Windows Server 2008	Microsoft revealed today that it will not release Windows Server 2008 , the successor to Windows Server 2003 , on time .
1	(Microsoft; revealed; today)	Microsoft	revealed	today	Microsoft revealed today that it will not release Windows Server 2008 , the successor to Windows Server 2003 , on time .
1	(Mike Vick; is; the best player to ever play QB)	Mike Vick	is	the best player to ever play QB	Ive heard people say that Brett Farve is the best player to ever play QB , and Ive also heard people say that Mike Vick is the best player to ever play QB.
1	(Mohammed; was the Prophet of; God)	Mohammed	was the Prophet of	God	It does NOT prove that Mohammed was the Prophet of God .
1	(Mohammed; was; the Prophet of God)	Mohammed	was	the Prophet of God	It does NOT prove that Mohammed was the Prophet of God .
1	(Montevideo; is the capital of; Uruguay)	Montevideo	is the capital of	Uruguay	Montevideo is the capital of Uruguay and is situated where the river Rio de la Plata flows into the South Atlantic .
1	(Montevideo; is; the capital of Uruguay)	Montevideo	is	the capital of Uruguay	Montevideo is the capital of Uruguay and is situated where the river Rio de la Plata flows into the South Atlantic .
1	(Moses and Aaron; lead; them)	Moses and Aaron	lead	them	God ordered Moses to command Aaron to raise the rod so that He might impel the Children of Israel to let Moses and Aaron lead them .
1	(Moses; led the people of Israel; for 40 years)	Moses	led the people of Israel	for 40 years	Moses led the people of Israel through the desert for 40 years .
1	(Moses; to command Aaron; to raise the rod so that He might impel the Children of Israel)	Moses	to command Aaron	to raise the rod so that He might impel the Children of Israel	God ordered Moses to command Aaron to raise the rod so that He might impel the Children of Israel to let Moses and Aaron lead them .
1	(Most orders; are shipped via; UPS Ground and Fedex Ground)	Most orders	are shipped via	UPS Ground and Fedex Ground	Most orders are shipped via UPS Ground and Fedex Ground .
1	(Mr Smith; goes; to Washington 37)	Mr Smith	goes	to Washington 37	Mr Smith goes to Washington 37 Your favorite movie about movies .
1	(Multiplayer modes; add; to the value of Lost Planet)	Multiplayer modes	add	to the value of Lost Planet	Multiplayer modes add to the value of Lost Planet by allowing players to partake in intense team battles via Xbox Live online game service .
1	(My name; is; Rachael)	My name	is	Rachael	My name is Rachael and I Love all Animals !
1	(MySpace; is being exploited; by pedophiles)	MySpace	is being exploited	by pedophiles	O'Connor said MySpace is n't at fault but rather is being exploited by pedophiles . 1 On that day did the king Ahasuerus give the house of Haman the Jew 's enemy unto Esther the queen .
1	(MySpace; is n't; at fault)	MySpace	is n't	at fault	O'Connor said MySpace is n't at fault but rather is being exploited by pedophiles . 1 On that day did the king Ahasuerus give the house of Haman the Jew 's enemy unto Esther the queen .
1	(NASA; extends; the mission)	NASA	extends	the mission	If NASA extends the mission , the spacecraft will then continue into the Kuiper Belt to study other mini-worlds .
1	(NCAA rules; prohibit from commenting; on recruits)	NCAA rules	prohibit from commenting	on recruits	NCAA rules prohibit schools from commenting on recruits until after they sign a letter of intent .
1	(NCAA rules; prohibit schools; from commenting on recruits)	NCAA rules	prohibit schools	from commenting on recruits	NCAA rules prohibit schools from commenting on recruits until after they sign a letter of intent .
1	(NCAA rules; prohibit schools; until after they sign a letter of intent)	NCAA rules	prohibit schools	until after they sign a letter of intent	NCAA rules prohibit schools from commenting on recruits until after they sign a letter of intent .
1	(Nat; becomes convinced; his voice is changing and Alex does everything)	Nat	becomes convinced	his voice is changing and Alex does everything	Nat becomes convinced his voice is changing and Alex does everything he can to convince Jesse he 's old enough to start a relationship .
1	(Nat; becomes; convinced his voice is changing and Alex does everything)	Nat	becomes	convinced his voice is changing and Alex does everything	Nat becomes convinced his voice is changing and Alex does everything he can to convince Jesse he 's old enough to start a relationship .
1	(Next Thursday; is; Good Friday)	Next Thursday	is	Good Friday	Next Thursday , which is Good Friday , there 's a Mother 's Day meeting for Fathers only .
1	(Nicolas Cage 's comic book film Ghost; entered; at number two)	Nicolas Cage 's comic book film Ghost	entered	at number two	The film , which stars Simon Pegg and Nick Frost , held off a challenge from Nicolas Cage 's comic book film Ghost Rider , which entered at number two .
1	(Nintendo; When was; king)	Nintendo	When was	king	When Nintendo was king you got rad prizes .
1	(Nintendo; was; king)	Nintendo	was	king	When Nintendo was king you got rad prizes .
1	(Nissan; entered; an alliance with Renault SA The Island)	Nissan	entered	an alliance with Renault SA The Island	In 1999 , Nissan entered an alliance with Renault SA The Island provides bc job search of area for picnics and bc artists bc liquor stores gatherings and even a Camping in bc Ranger program available for children .
1	(No one in the world; sells; more real estate than RE/MAX)	No one in the world	sells	more real estate than RE/MAX	No one in the world sells more real estate than RE/MAX we are The Real Estate Leaders .
1	(No one; can come; to Jesus)	No one	can come	to Jesus	No one can come to Jesus unless drawn by God .
1	(Nokia; has; plans to release the Nokia 6500 in both bar and slider form)	Nokia	has	plans to release the Nokia 6500 in both bar and slider form	Nokia has plans to release the Nokia 6500 in both bar and slider form .
1	(Normal business hours; are; 11 am to 4 pm , Tuesday)	Normal business hours	are	11 am to 4 pm , Tuesday	Normal business hours are 11 am to 4 pm , Tuesday through Saturday .
1	(Northern Ireland; is part of; Great Britain)	Northern Ireland	is part of	Great Britain	Most of the time I say that , people say No , Northern Ireland is part of Great Britain - no it 's not .
1	(Not everyone; has; Photoshop or a slick little graphics program)	Not everyone	has	Photoshop or a slick little graphics program	Not everyone has Photoshop or a slick little graphics program or sometimes we need to just whip something up for the kids .
1	(O'Connor; said; MySpace is n't at fault but rather is being exploited by pedophiles)	O'Connor	said	MySpace is n't at fault but rather is being exploited by pedophiles	O'Connor said MySpace is n't at fault but rather is being exploited by pedophiles . 1 On that day did the king Ahasuerus give the house of Haman the Jew 's enemy unto Esther the queen .
1	(Obama; drank alcohol; in high school on Yedda-People)	Obama	drank alcohol	in high school on Yedda-People	Obama used drugs and drank alcohol in high school on Yedda-People .
1	(Obama; is; a closet Muslim)	Obama	is	a closet Muslim	Obama was born a Muslim and is a closet Muslim .
1	(Obama; is; a law professor and a state senator)	Obama	is	a law professor and a state senator	Obama is a law professor and a state senator .
1	(Obama; takes; South Carolina)	Obama	takes	South Carolina	Obama takes South Carolina by storm , and the speculations continue on whether former President husband Bill Clinton hurt Hillary Clintons campaign by going on the stump for her .
1	(Obama; used; drugs)	Obama	used	drugs	Obama used drugs and drank alcohol in high school on Yedda-People .
1	(Obama; was not in the US Senate; at that time)	Obama	was not in the US Senate	at that time	Obama was not in the US Senate at that time , though he did give a speech opposing the war while an Illinois state senator .
1	(Obama; wins the presidency; partly because of the ban)	Obama	wins the presidency	partly because of the ban	An even more interesting situation would arise if Obama wins the presidency partly because of the ban .
1	(Office hours; are Monday - Friday; 8:30 am to 6:00 pm)	Office hours	are Monday - Friday	8:30 am to 6:00 pm	PLEASE NOTE : Office hours are Monday-Friday 8:30 am to 6:00 pm Please use the online form if you are submitting after 6 pm .
1	(Only downside; is; that Paul is in demand)	Only downside	is	that Paul is in demand	Only downside is that Paul is in demand , my guitar took almost 2 yrs from order to delivery so check the schedule with him .
1	(Oregon; is; the only state to allow a doctor to prescribe a lethal dose of medication)	Oregon	is	the only state to allow a doctor to prescribe a lethal dose of medication	Currently , Oregon is the only state to allow a doctor to prescribe a lethal dose of medication if a terminally ill patient has six months or less to live .
1	(Other users; have left; no comments for Steve)	Other users	have left	no comments for Steve	Other users have left no comments for Steve a Gilbert .
1	(PAYMENT Payment; may be made; by check , money order , American Express , Discover , MasterCard , Visa or JCB credit card)	PAYMENT Payment	may be made	by check , money order , American Express , Discover , MasterCard , Visa or JCB credit card	PAYMENT Payment may be made by check , money order , American Express , Discover , MasterCard , Visa or JCB credit card .
1	(PS3; is; in storage)	PS3	is	in storage	Ive just moved house and the trusty PS3 is in storage !
1	(Part of the reason; was; the arrogance of the party leaders)	Part of the reason	was	the arrogance of the party leaders	Part of the reason that the Democrats lost control of Congress in 1994 , and the GOP lost it in 2006 , was the arrogance of the party leaders .
1	(Pau Gasol; had; 24 points and 13 rebounds)	Pau Gasol	had	24 points and 13 rebounds	Pau Gasol had 24 points and 13 rebounds .
1	(Paul; described the gospel; as a scandal)	Paul	described the gospel	as a scandal	Paul described the gospel as a scandal to Jews and foolishness to Greeks 1 Cor .
1	(Paul; goes; to Corinth)	Paul	goes	to Corinth	Paul leaves Athens and goes to Corinth .
1	(Paul; is; a good guy)	Paul	is	a good guy	Paul is a good guy and otherwise an intellectual-but Gravel is nothing but trash .
1	(Paul; leaves; Athens)	Paul	leaves	Athens	Paul leaves Athens and goes to Corinth .
1	(Paul; otherwise is; nothing but trash)	Paul	otherwise is	nothing but trash	Paul is a good guy and otherwise an intellectual-but Gravel is nothing but trash .
1	(Paul; provided; for his missionary trips)	Paul	provided	for his missionary trips	Paul was a tent maker and provided for his missionary trips by working .
1	(Paul; says; that the law brings the knowledge of sin , and therefore Paul has in view the moral law)	Paul	says	that the law brings the knowledge of sin , and therefore Paul has in view the moral law	E Augustines evidence is that Paul says that the law brings the knowledge of sin , and therefore Paul has in view the moral law .
1	(Paul; therefore has; the moral law)	Paul	therefore has	the moral law	E Augustines evidence is that Paul says that the law brings the knowledge of sin , and therefore Paul has in view the moral law .
1	(Paul; was; a tent maker)	Paul	was	a tent maker	Paul was a tent maker and provided for his missionary trips by working .
1	(Paul; wrote that is; in Romans 7:18)	Paul	wrote that is	in Romans 7:18	First of all lets have a look at what Paul wrote in Romans 7:18 I know that nothing good lives in me , that is , in my sinful nature .
1	(Payless; serves; as a low-cost alternative to major)	Payless	serves	as a low-cost alternative to major	Payless serves as a low-cost alternative to major , higher priced car rental providers .
1	(Penny; is looking; for Desmond)	Penny	is looking	for Desmond	It is interesting that Penny is looking for Desmond , but that does nt answer all the connections of the other people .
1	(People who buy the CD; are; eligible to vote online at www.youthmatters.ca for their favourite song)	People who buy the CD	are	eligible to vote online at www.youthmatters.ca for their favourite song	People who buy the CD are then eligible to vote online at www.youthmatters.ca for their favourite song .
1	(People who buy the CD; to vote online; at www.youthmatters.ca)	People who buy the CD	to vote online	at www.youthmatters.ca	People who buy the CD are then eligible to vote online at www.youthmatters.ca for their favourite song .
1	(People who buy the CD; to vote online; for their favourite song)	People who buy the CD	to vote online	for their favourite song	People who buy the CD are then eligible to vote online at www.youthmatters.ca for their favourite song .
1	(People who vote for Ron Paul; are the top 5 %; intellectually)	People who vote for Ron Paul	are the top 5 %	intellectually	People who vote for Ron Paul are the top 5 % intellectually and are neither left nor right wing .
1	(People; buy; the CD)	People	buy	the CD	People who buy the CD are then eligible to vote online at www.youthmatters.ca for their favourite song .
1	(People; vote; for Ron Paul)	People	vote	for Ron Paul	People who vote for Ron Paul are the top 5 % intellectually and are neither left nor right wing .
1	(Perseus; was the son of; Zeus)	Perseus	was the son of	Zeus	Perseus was the son of Zeus in Greek mythology .
1	(Perseus; was; the son of Zeus)	Perseus	was	the son of Zeus	Perseus was the son of Zeus in Greek mythology .
1	(Phil; has; over 20 years experience)	Phil	has	over 20 years experience	Phil has over 20 years experience as a senior executive , 15 of them as a chief executive of multinational organizations , most recently with Fujitsu , and with AT&amp;T EasyLink , Data General and Wang .
1	(Photoshop; has; the ability to open dozens of different file formats)	Photoshop	has	the ability to open dozens of different file formats	Photoshop has the ability to open dozens of different file formats .
1	(Players; make Poffin; out of Berries)	Players	make Poffin	out of Berries	Players make Poffin out of Berries to raise their Pokemons contest stats .
1	(Players; make to raise; their Pokemons contest stats)	Players	make to raise	their Pokemons contest stats	Players make Poffin out of Berries to raise their Pokemons contest stats .
1	(Pluto; is; in Capricorn)	Pluto	is	in Capricorn	Pluto is in Capricorn and a good number of the people who read here have Pluto in Virgo which means that Saturn is transiting conjunct their Pluto which is another Pluto/Capricorn exchange .
1	(Portugal; was; the better team)	Portugal	was	the better team	Portugal was the better team but i said to myself if Greece scores first Portugal is fucked.And they did .
1	(President Bush; visits New Orleans; on the second anniversary of Hurricane Katrina)	President Bush	visits New Orleans	on the second anniversary of Hurricane Katrina	President Bush visits New Orleans on the second anniversary of Hurricane Katrina .
1	(Prizes; included; gift certificates redeemable at Collectors)	Prizes	included	gift certificates redeemable at Collectors	Prizes included gift certificates redeemable at Collectors Corner , Yu-Gi-Oh posters , promotional give-aways and Oakland Coca-Cola Street Team t-shirts to the many winners of the tournament .
1	(Pro Tools; is; the industry standard)	Pro Tools	is	the industry standard	Pro Tools is the industry standard , but the professional studios also have 200k worth of hardware to go with it .
1	(Products; must be returned in; original packaging and in original condition)	Products	must be returned in	original packaging and in original condition	Products must be returned in original packaging and in original condition with all accessories included .
1	(Products; must be returned with; all accessories)	Products	must be returned with	all accessories	Products must be returned in original packaging and in original condition with all accessories included .
1	(Progressive; announced; plans to introduce an exciting new way)	Progressive	announced	plans to introduce an exciting new way	Progressive also recently announced plans to introduce an exciting new way to play Texas Hold 'Em poker : the World Series of Poker Peer to Peer Texas Hold 'Em game .
1	(Rachel; gave birth; to Joseph)	Rachel	gave birth	to Joseph	Until Rachel gave birth to Joseph the confrontation with Esau 's angel and the ability to be confirmed as Israel were both out of the question .
1	(Rachel; was; in love with him)	Rachel	was	in love with him	Rachel was in love with him since we showed up at Hogwarts , I do n't understand why she was n't so keen on coming anyways .
1	(Raid; stands; for Redundant Array of Inexpensive Disks)	Raid	stands	for Redundant Array of Inexpensive Disks	Raid stands for Redundant Array of Inexpensive Disks .
1	(Rama; regretted; for his evil deed)	Rama	regretted	for his evil deed	History says that Rama who killed Ravana , in his endeavour to redeem his consort seetha regretted for his evil deed and worshipped the sacred place Rameswaram .
1	(Rama; worshipped; the sacred place)	Rama	worshipped	the sacred place	History says that Rama who killed Ravana , in his endeavour to redeem his consort seetha regretted for his evil deed and worshipped the sacred place Rameswaram .
1	(Reagan; when won; the nomination)	Reagan	when won	the nomination	And so when Reagan won the nomination , he selected as Vice Presidential nominee the very man who had pointed out his essential dishonesty to the world .
1	(Reagan; won; the nomination)	Reagan	won	the nomination	And so when Reagan won the nomination , he selected as Vice Presidential nominee the very man who had pointed out his essential dishonesty to the world .
1	(Registration; begins; February 1)	Registration	begins	February 1	Registration begins February 1 at the Reference Desk .
1	(Registration; begins; at the Reference Desk)	Registration	begins	at the Reference Desk	Registration begins February 1 at the Reference Desk .
1	(Rehearsals; are held; on Sunday evenings)	Rehearsals	are held	on Sunday evenings	Rehearsals are held on Sunday evenings and include time for singing and socializing .
1	(Rehearsals; include; time for singing and socializing)	Rehearsals	include	time for singing and socializing	Rehearsals are held on Sunday evenings and include time for singing and socializing .
1	(Republicans; acted like Democrats; in terms of spending)	Republicans	acted like Democrats	in terms of spending	I believe the Democrats won majorities largely on the basis of dissatisfaction with Republicans who acted like Democrats in terms of spending , deal-making and corruption .
1	(Researchers; reported; in The New England Journal of Medicine)	Researchers	reported	in The New England Journal of Medicine	Researchers reported in The New England Journal of Medicine this year that treating advanced gum disease lowered blood pressure , thereby reducing the risk of heart disease .
1	(Researchers; reported; that treating advanced gum disease lowered blood pressure , thereby reducing the risk of heart disease)	Researchers	reported	that treating advanced gum disease lowered blood pressure , thereby reducing the risk of heart disease	Researchers reported in The New England Journal of Medicine this year that treating advanced gum disease lowered blood pressure , thereby reducing the risk of heart disease .
1	(Reuters; has the story; here)	Reuters	has the story	here	Reuters has the story here and SK blogged it earlier here .
1	(Richardson; is; the best candidate out there from any party)	Richardson	is	the best candidate out there from any party	Richardson is the best candidate out there from any party and we need him to get the nomination !
1	(RoHS; went; in the European Union)	RoHS	went	in the European Union	When RoHS went into effect in the European Union , the electronics industry was changed forever .
1	(RoHS; went; into effect)	RoHS	went	into effect	When RoHS went into effect in the European Union , the electronics industry was changed forever .
1	(Rock Band; will ship; for the Xbox 360video game and entertainment system from Microsoft and PLAYSTATION3 computer entertainment system and PlayStation2 computer entertainment system)	Rock Band	will ship	for the Xbox 360video game and entertainment system from Microsoft and PLAYSTATION3 computer entertainment system and PlayStation2 computer entertainment system	Rock Band will ship in Europe for the Xbox 360video game and entertainment system from Microsoft and PLAYSTATION3 computer entertainment system and PlayStation2 computer entertainment system in the first quarter of 2008 .
1	(Rock Band; will ship; in Europe)	Rock Band	will ship	in Europe	Rock Band will ship in Europe for the Xbox 360video game and entertainment system from Microsoft and PLAYSTATION3 computer entertainment system and PlayStation2 computer entertainment system in the first quarter of 2008 .
1	(Rogue Ales Public House , Astoria; got a first hand look at the power of the Pacific; when winds hit 126 miles per hour on Dec)	Rogue Ales Public House , Astoria	got a first hand look at the power of the Pacific	when winds hit 126 miles per hour on Dec	Rogue Ales Public House , Astoria , located where the Columbia River meets the Pacific Ocean , got a first hand look at the power of the Pacific when winds hit 126 miles per hour on Dec. 3 .
1	(Rome; adopted; Christianity)	Rome	adopted	Christianity	But after Rome adopted Christianity , the organ died out .
1	(Rome; was; in power)	Rome	was	in power	In the 3rd century when Rome was in power , Claudius I I decided that single men made better soldiers than married men .
1	(Rome; when was; in power)	Rome	when was	in power	In the 3rd century when Rome was in power , Claudius I I decided that single men made better soldiers than married men .
1	(Romney; has money; because he has IT and because he is a leader)	Romney	has money	because he has IT and because he is a leader	Romney has money because he has IT and because he is a leader , a winner , a get-it-done guy .
1	(Romney; is running for President; in a time of Islamophobia)	Romney	is running for President	in a time of Islamophobia	To a certain extent , I do not blame Romney , who is running for President in a time of Islamophobia , a powerful political tool .
1	(Romney; is; the best choice)	Romney	is	the best choice	I 'm not crazy about any of the candidates , but I think Romney is the best choice .
1	(Romney; wins; MI and their campaign is thrown into utter chaos , with a down and dirty fight to the nomination)	Romney	wins	MI and their campaign is thrown into utter chaos , with a down and dirty fight to the nomination	Huck wins IA , McCain wins NH , Romney wins MI and their campaign is thrown into utter chaos , with a down and dirty fight to the nomination .
1	(Ron Paul; is the best choice for; President)	Ron Paul	is the best choice for	President	I want these local Meetups because I think Ron Paul is the best choice for President in 2008 and would help point America in the right direction again .
1	(Ron Paul; is; the best choice for President)	Ron Paul	is	the best choice for President	I want these local Meetups because I think Ron Paul is the best choice for President in 2008 and would help point America in the right direction again .
1	(Ronald Reagan; had ordered; a huge buildup in the nuclear-weapons program)	Ronald Reagan	had ordered	a huge buildup in the nuclear-weapons program	Ronald Reagan was in the White House and , determined to end the Evil Empire of the Soviet Union , had ordered a huge buildup in the nuclear-weapons program .
1	(Ronald Reagan; was in office; when I turned 22 , yikes)	Ronald Reagan	was in office	when I turned 22 , yikes	Ronald Reagan was in office when I turned 22 , yikes .
1	(Ronald Reagan; was in the White House; determined to end the Evil Empire of the Soviet Union)	Ronald Reagan	was in the White House	determined to end the Evil Empire of the Soviet Union	Ronald Reagan was in the White House and , determined to end the Evil Empire of the Soviet Union , had ordered a huge buildup in the nuclear-weapons program .
1	(Roses; were; in bloom)	Roses	were	in bloom	Roses were in bloom in the little garden back of the hotel , and the orchard trees were laden with peaches , plums and other fruit , ours for the picking .
1	(Rosh HaShana; is; the Jewish New Year)	Rosh HaShana	is	the Jewish New Year	Rosh HaShanah : Rosh HaShana is the Jewish New Year commemorating the creation of the universe ; a universal day of judgment .
1	(Russia; expelled four British diplomats; on Thursday)	Russia	expelled four British diplomats	on Thursday	In retaliation , Russia expelled four British diplomats on Thursday .
1	(Ryan; goes; to school in Oak Hill)	Ryan	goes	to school in Oak Hill	Ryan goes to school in Oak Hill so I would love to find a group nearby !
1	(SK; blogged it; earlier here)	SK	blogged it	earlier here	Reuters has the story here and SK blogged it earlier here .
1	(SMTP; stands; for Simple Mail Transfer Protocol)	SMTP	stands	for Simple Mail Transfer Protocol	SMTP stands for Simple Mail Transfer Protocol and is the standard method used for host to host transfer of messages over the internet .
1	(Sabah; is the second largest state in; Malaysia)	Sabah	is the second largest state in	Malaysia	Situated in the northeastern part of the world 's third largest island , Sabah is the second largest state in Malaysia .
1	(Sabah; is; the second largest state in Malaysia)	Sabah	is	the second largest state in Malaysia	Situated in the northeastern part of the world 's third largest island , Sabah is the second largest state in Malaysia .
1	(Saddam Hussein; had; no weapons of mass destruction)	Saddam Hussein	had	no weapons of mass destruction	Ever since it became clear that Saddam Hussein had no weapons of mass destruction , it also became clear that the real purpose of the United States ' invasion of Iraq was the acquisition of oil .
1	(Saddam Hussein; ruled; Iraq)	Saddam Hussein	ruled	Iraq	Ferguson : Saddam Hussein ruled Iraq through a political party called the Bath Party .
1	(Saddam Hussein; stood; by warnings about the future danger)	Saddam Hussein	stood	by warnings about the future danger	He said the intelligence services had never said Saddam Hussein was an imminent threat but stood by warnings about the future danger he could pose .
1	(Saddam Hussein; was; an imminent threat)	Saddam Hussein	was	an imminent threat	He said the intelligence services had never said Saddam Hussein was an imminent threat but stood by warnings about the future danger he could pose .
1	(Saddam; had; such weapons , which also was the conclusion of officials in the Clinton administration)	Saddam	had	such weapons , which also was the conclusion of officials in the Clinton administration	Compare and contrast : The lack of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq contradicts years of intelligence indicating Saddam had such weapons , which also was the conclusion of officials in the Clinton administration .
1	(Saddam; ruled; with an iron fist)	Saddam	ruled	with an iron fist	And most people thought that Saddam ruled with an iron fist !
1	(Saddam; was n't; a nice guy)	Saddam	was n't	a nice guy	That mis-characterizes what Shark said : they inevitably invoke 9/11 or the fact that Saddam was n't a nice guy .
1	(Sami; asked for a divorce; so that she could marry EJ and end the feud between the Bradys and the Dimera)	Sami	asked for a divorce	so that she could marry EJ and end the feud between the Bradys and the Dimera	In mid - October 2007 , even though she insists she loves Lucas , Sami asked Lucas for a divorce so that she could marry EJ and end the feud between the Bradys and the Dimera .
1	(Sarah; saw; the son of Hagar)	Sarah	saw	the son of Hagar	And Sarah saw the son of Hagar .
1	(Satan and his gang; will be thrown; in the lake of fire)	Satan and his gang	will be thrown	in the lake of fire	Satan and his gang will be thrown in the lake of fire along with those who reject Jesus .
1	(Satan; fall; from the sky)	Satan	fall	from the sky	For Jesus saw Satan fall like lightning from the sky when he made his choice .
1	(Satan; fall; when he made his choice)	Satan	fall	when he made his choice	For Jesus saw Satan fall like lightning from the sky when he made his choice .
1	(Satan; offers; various things that he wants or desperately needs)	Satan	offers	various things that he wants or desperately needs	Satan offers him various things that he wants or desperately needs , offering a short cut or 'fix ' to the situation Jesus finds himself in .
1	(Satan; tells Jesus; that he will give him all of the kingdoms of the world , if he will bow down and worship him)	Satan	tells Jesus	that he will give him all of the kingdoms of the world , if he will bow down and worship him	Satan tells Jesus that he will give him all of the kingdoms of the world , if he will bow down and worship him .
1	(Satan; was literally standing; before Jesus)	Satan	was literally standing	before Jesus	I know that Jesus was tempted by Satan , but Satan was literally standing before Jesus .
1	(Saturn; is transiting; their Pluto)	Saturn	is transiting	their Pluto	Pluto is in Capricorn and a good number of the people who read here have Pluto in Virgo which means that Saturn is transiting conjunct their Pluto which is another Pluto/Capricorn exchange .
1	(Scott; has; over 15 years experience in graphic design and digital publishing)	Scott	has	over 15 years experience in graphic design and digital publishing	Scott has over 15 years experience in graphic design and digital publishing .
1	(Sean Penn; directed; the movie)	Sean Penn	directed	the movie	Sean Penn wrote the screenplay and directed the movie .
1	(Sean Penn; wrote; the screenplay)	Sean Penn	wrote	the screenplay	Sean Penn wrote the screenplay and directed the movie .
1	(Seattle; had; a chance)	Seattle	had	a chance	I thought Seattle had a chance , but they had too many injuries to overcome to win .
1	(Selanne; rejoins; Ducks)	Selanne	rejoins	Ducks	Selanne rejoins Ducks : Teemu Selanne returned to the Stanley Cup champion Anaheim Ducks after missing the first half of the season while contemplating retirement .
1	(Senate leader Harry Reid; announced; that the US had lost the war in Iraq)	Senate leader Harry Reid	announced	that the US had lost the war in Iraq	Senate leader Harry Reid recently announced that the US had lost the war in Iraq .
1	(September; is; Ovarian Cancer awareness month)	September	is	Ovarian Cancer awareness month	September is Ovarian Cancer awareness month and I would like to help spread the word as a tribute to my mom .
1	(Services; are provided regardless; to individuals)	Services	are provided regardless	to individuals	Services are provided to individuals regardless of their ability to pay .
1	(Services; are provided; to students both in and out of their regular classrooms)	Services	are provided	to students both in and out of their regular classrooms	Services are provided to students both in and out of their regular classrooms .
1	(Services; include; consultancy)	Services	include	consultancy	Services include consultancy to a client 's architect , assisting in room shaping and infrastructure acoustic design , and making recommendations regarding HVAC and mechanical noise isolation .
1	(Services; include; hospital confinement , outpatient services , emergency care and dental services)	Services	include	hospital confinement , outpatient services , emergency care and dental services	Services include hospital confinement , outpatient services , emergency care and dental services-Makati City .
1	(Services; were held; at 2:00 pm on Wednesday , Dec. 6 , 2000)	Services	were held	at 2:00 pm on Wednesday , Dec. 6 , 2000	Services were held at 2:00 pm on Wednesday , Dec. 6 , 2000 at Rekus Funeral Home in Meta with Rev. Manuel Seaton officiating .
1	(Services; will be at 1 pm; Monday)	Services	will be at 1 pm	Monday	Services will be at 1 pm Monday at Four square Church in Newton , of which he was a member .
1	(Services; will be at 1 pm; at Four square Church in Newton)	Services	will be at 1 pm	at Four square Church in Newton	Services will be at 1 pm Monday at Four square Church in Newton , of which he was a member .
1	(Services; will be at 1:30 pm; Friday)	Services	will be at 1:30 pm	Friday	Services will be at 1:30 pm Friday at Dulle-Trimble Funeral Home .
1	(Services; will be at 1:30 pm; at Dulle-Trimble Funeral Home)	Services	will be at 1:30 pm	at Dulle-Trimble Funeral Home	Services will be at 1:30 pm Friday at Dulle-Trimble Funeral Home .
1	(Services; will be held; Friday)	Services	will be held	Friday	Aged 79 years , Services will be held Friday at 2 pm from Rohland Funeral Home , 6th &amp; Cumberland Sts .
1	(Services; will be held; at 2 pm from Rohland Funeral Home)	Services	will be held	at 2 pm from Rohland Funeral Home	Aged 79 years , Services will be held Friday at 2 pm from Rohland Funeral Home , 6th &amp; Cumberland Sts .
1	(Seymour; commits; suicide)	Seymour	commits	suicide	The couple are on a second honeymoon , when Seymour commits suicide .
1	(Shakespeare; came; in the late 1580 's)	Shakespeare	came	in the late 1580 's	Shakespeare came to London in the late 1580 's , joined London 's leading acting company , and over the next twenty years achieved immense popularity and unrivaled success in a variety of genres .
1	(Shakespeare; came; to London)	Shakespeare	came	to London	Shakespeare came to London in the late 1580 's , joined London 's leading acting company , and over the next twenty years achieved immense popularity and unrivaled success in a variety of genres .
1	(Shakespeare; joined; London 's leading acting company)	Shakespeare	joined	London 's leading acting company	Shakespeare came to London in the late 1580 's , joined London 's leading acting company , and over the next twenty years achieved immense popularity and unrivaled success in a variety of genres .
1	(Shakespeare; wrote; 154 sonnets around the 1590s)	Shakespeare	wrote	154 sonnets around the 1590s	Shakespeare wrote 154 sonnets around the 1590s , and they were first published in 1609 .
1	(Shaq; is; the man)	Shaq	is	the man	I love sports too , so Brett Favre is a great football player minus his 04-05 season , and Shaq is the man .
1	(Sharon; took a nipple down hard; in her mouth)	Sharon	took a nipple down hard	in her mouth	Sharon took a nipple in her mouth and bit down hard until her Amateur Very Young Family Incest were Black Family Incest grinding together .
1	(Sharon; took down hard a nipple; in her mouth)	Sharon	took down hard a nipple	in her mouth	Sharon took a nipple in her mouth and bit down hard until her Amateur Very Young Family Incest were Black Family Incest grinding together .
1	(She; studied; at RVAS)	She	studied	at RVAS	She studied at RVAS , a boarding school in Southern Oregon , until the 5th grade , when the family moved to Spain .
1	(She; told us; about a newborn baby)	She	told us	about a newborn baby	She told us about a newborn baby whose name was Susan .
1	(Shirley; was preceded; by her father)	Shirley	was preceded	by her father	Shirley was preceded in death by her father , BC Neill .
1	(Shirley; was preceded; in death)	Shirley	was preceded	in death	Shirley was preceded in death by her father , BC Neill .
1	(Shrek; begins to have; nightmares and fears that he will not be able to be a good father)	Shrek	begins to have	nightmares and fears that he will not be able to be a good father	Finally Fiona tells Shrek that she is indeed pregnant , Shrek begins to have nightmares and fears that he will not be able to be a good father .
1	(Shrek; begins; to have nightmares and fears that he will not be able to be a good father)	Shrek	begins	to have nightmares and fears that he will not be able to be a good father	Finally Fiona tells Shrek that she is indeed pregnant , Shrek begins to have nightmares and fears that he will not be able to be a good father .
1	(Simple , Quick , Affordable eDrugsOnline; offers; online prescriptions)	Simple , Quick , Affordable eDrugsOnline	offers	online prescriptions	Simple , Quick , Affordable eDrugsOnline offers online prescriptions for FDA approved medication .
1	(Single-family homes; range; from approximately $ 100,000)	Single-family homes	range	from approximately $ 100,000	Single-family homes range in price from approximately $ 100,000 to more than $ 800,000 , depending on size and location .
1	(Single-family homes; range; in price)	Single-family homes	range	in price	Single-family homes range in price from approximately $ 100,000 to more than $ 800,000 , depending on size and location .
1	(Single-family homes; range; to more than $ 800,000)	Single-family homes	range	to more than $ 800,000	Single-family homes range in price from approximately $ 100,000 to more than $ 800,000 , depending on size and location .
1	(Site; includes; product descriptions , pictures , FAQs and contact information)	Site	includes	product descriptions , pictures , FAQs and contact information	Site includes product descriptions , pictures , FAQs and contact information .
1	(Skin cancer; is the most common cancer in; the United States)	Skin cancer	is the most common cancer in	the United States	Skin cancer is the most common cancer in the United States and is increasing in incidence .
1	(Skin cancer; is; the most common cancer in the United States)	Skin cancer	is	the most common cancer in the United States	Skin cancer is the most common cancer in the United States and is increasing in incidence .
1	(Snape; told; Dumbledore)	Snape	told	Dumbledore	But Snape told Dumbledore .
1	(Socrates; was born; In his early life)	Socrates	was born	In his early life	Socrates was born in Athens about 469 BC In his early life he followed the profession of his father , who was a sculptor .
1	(Socrates; was born; in Athens about 469 BC)	Socrates	was born	in Athens about 469 BC	Socrates was born in Athens about 469 BC In his early life he followed the profession of his father , who was a sculptor .
1	(Some people; believe; Jesus received teachings from Yoga in India)	Some people	believe	Jesus received teachings from Yoga in India	Some people believe Jesus received teachings from Yoga in India .
1	(Some; say; Hillary Clinton should n't be president because she 1 screwed up that national health care initiative of hers back in '94 , and)	Some	say	Hillary Clinton should n't be president because she 1 screwed up that national health care initiative of hers back in '94 , and	Some say Hillary Clinton should n't be president because she 1 screwed up that national health care initiative of hers back in '94 , and because 2 she 's married to Bill .
1	(Sony; dropped; the ball)	Sony	dropped	the ball	So quit whining and accept that Sony dropped the ball .
1	(Sony; was the only company that; even MADE a 40 4:3 Tube HDTV)	Sony	was the only company that	even MADE a 40 4:3 Tube HDTV	I believe Sony was the only company that even MADE a 40 4:3 Tube HDTV , and they stopped manufacturing it three or four years ago because it was just too big .
1	(Sony; was; the only company that even MADE a 40 4:3 Tube HDTV)	Sony	was	the only company that even MADE a 40 4:3 Tube HDTV	I believe Sony was the only company that even MADE a 40 4:3 Tube HDTV , and they stopped manufacturing it three or four years ago because it was just too big .
1	(South Africa; after losing; the right to hold the 2006 event by just a single vote)	South Africa	after losing	the right to hold the 2006 event by just a single vote	South Africa are the favourites after losing the right to hold the 2006 event by just a single vote .
1	(South Africa; are; the favourites)	South Africa	are	the favourites	South Africa are the favourites after losing the right to hold the 2006 event by just a single vote .
1	(South Africa; beat; England)	South Africa	beat	England	South Africa beat England .
1	(South Africa; were; in trouble)	South Africa	were	in trouble	South Africa were in trouble when Andy Gomarsall kicked and up-and-under and JP Pietersen dropped it .
1	(Spam , flooding , advertisem ents , chain letters , pyramid schemes , and solicitati ons; are also forbidden on; this forum)	Spam , flooding , advertisem ents , chain letters , pyramid schemes , and solicitati ons	are also forbidden on	this forum	Spam , flooding , advertisem ents , chain letters , pyramid schemes , and solicitati ons are also forbidden on this forum .
1	(Steve Buckley; discovered; that everyone hates the Patriots)	Steve Buckley	discovered	that everyone hates the Patriots	Steve Buckley just discovered that everyone hates the Patriots .
1	(Steve Jobs; announced; the MacBook Air and the iTunes Movie Rental at MacWorld 2008 in San Francisco)	Steve Jobs	announced	the MacBook Air and the iTunes Movie Rental at MacWorld 2008 in San Francisco	Steve Jobs announced the MacBook Air and the iTunes Movie Rental at MacWorld 2008 in San Francisco .
1	(Steve; Little did know; that he would be plagued with problems the next two rounds)	Steve	Little did know	that he would be plagued with problems the next two rounds	Little did Steve know that he would be plagued with problems the next two rounds .
1	(Steve; also worked; for the Computer Science department at the University of Pittsburgh)	Steve	also worked	for the Computer Science department at the University of Pittsburgh	Steve holds a BS in Computer Science from the University of Pittsburgh and also worked for the Computer Science department at the University of Pittsburgh .
1	(Steve; holds; a BS in Computer Science)	Steve	holds	a BS in Computer Science	Steve holds a BS in Computer Science from the University of Pittsburgh and also worked for the Computer Science department at the University of Pittsburgh .
1	(Stevia; has been used; for centuries)	Stevia	has been used	for centuries	Stevia has been used for centuries without adverse reactions and it is said to be particularly helpful for diabetics .
1	(Students; be; able to commit to a minimum of at least 6 to 9 hours per week in the lab for at least two semesters)	Students	be	able to commit to a minimum of at least 6 to 9 hours per week in the lab for at least two semesters	Students must have a 3.0 GPA and be able to commit to a minimum of at least 6 to 9 hours per week in the lab for at least two semesters .
1	(Students; must have; a 3.0 GPA)	Students	must have	a 3.0 GPA	Students must have a 3.0 GPA and be able to commit to a minimum of at least 6 to 9 hours per week in the lab for at least two semesters .
1	(Stunning; blonde holds; her bountiful snack trays)	Stunning	blonde holds	her bountiful snack trays	Stunning blonde is wearing this killer Latina is squeezing the cheese out of a peeled banana in her dress and holds her bountiful snack trays .
1	(Such a large crowd; had gathered; that Jesus got into a boat , sat down in it , and taught from there as the people listened on the shore)	Such a large crowd	had gathered	that Jesus got into a boat , sat down in it , and taught from there as the people listened on the shore	Such a large crowd had gathered that Jesus got into a boat , sat down in it , and taught from there as the people listened on the shore .
1	(Such a large crowd; had gathered; that Jesus got into a boat , sat down in it , and taught from there)	Such a large crowd	had gathered	that Jesus got into a boat , sat down in it , and taught from there	Such a large crowd had gathered that Jesus got into a boat , sat down in it , and taught from there as the people listened on the shore .
1	(Suharto; [is] Former dictator [of]; Indonesian)	Suharto	[is] Former dictator [of]	Indonesian	Former Indonesian dictator Suharto moved his hands and spoke in a whisper today in what doctors called a miraculous recovery after more than two weeks on life support with multiple organ failure .
1	(Surviving; are; his wife , Alma Mariani Wood , three sons , a daughter and six grandchildren)	Surviving	are	his wife , Alma Mariani Wood , three sons , a daughter and six grandchildren	Surviving are his wife , Alma Mariani Wood , three sons , a daughter and six grandchildren .
1	(Susan; had; two children)	Susan	had	two children	But Susan had two children , a determined outlook and was on a mission to testify to the important work Ian had done in the struggle to bring peace and stability to Northern Ireland .
1	(Susan; was; on a mission)	Susan	was	on a mission	But Susan had two children , a determined outlook and was on a mission to testify to the important work Ian had done in the struggle to bring peace and stability to Northern Ireland .
1	(Talks; began; in July)	Talks	began	in July	Talks began in July and continued after the contract expired Oct. 31 .
1	(Talks; continued; after the contract expired Oct)	Talks	continued	after the contract expired Oct	Talks began in July and continued after the contract expired Oct. 31 .
1	(Tasty Baking Company; is investing more than $ 75 million; to relocate its headquarters)	Tasty Baking Company	is investing more than $ 75 million	to relocate its headquarters	PHILADELPHIA , May 9 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Governor Edward G. Rendell announced today that Tasty Baking Company is investing more than $ 75 million to relocate its headquarters and Philadelphia manufacturing operations to the Philadelphia Navy Yard .
1	(Tasty Baking Company; is investing to relocate; its headquarters)	Tasty Baking Company	is investing to relocate	its headquarters	PHILADELPHIA , May 9 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Governor Edward G. Rendell announced today that Tasty Baking Company is investing more than $ 75 million to relocate its headquarters and Philadelphia manufacturing operations to the Philadelphia Navy Yard .
1	(Taxis; cost; 20)	Taxis	cost	20	Taxis wait outside the terminals and typically cost 20 to the hotel .
1	(Taxis; do not cruise; around)	Taxis	do not cruise	around	Taxis do not cruise around looking for custom but wait at Taxi ranks in town squares or railway stations , you will also find their 'phone numbers in bars .
1	(Taxis; wait; at Taxi ranks in town squares or railway stations)	Taxis	wait	at Taxi ranks in town squares or railway stations	Taxis do not cruise around looking for custom but wait at Taxi ranks in town squares or railway stations , you will also find their 'phone numbers in bars .
1	(Taxis; wait; outside the terminal)	Taxis	wait	outside the terminal	Taxis wait outside the terminal , an average fare to Malaga costing in the region of 15 EUR.
1	(Taxis; wait; outside the terminals)	Taxis	wait	outside the terminals	Taxis wait outside the terminals and typically cost 20 to the hotel .
1	(Taxol; stabilizes; microtubules)	Taxol	stabilizes	microtubules	Taxol stabilizes microtubules by binding to a polymer .
1	(Taylor; died; in 1850)	Taylor	died	in 1850	After a life of rigorous service , Taylor died in office in 1850 .
1	(Taylor; died; in office)	Taylor	died	in office	After a life of rigorous service , Taylor died in office in 1850 .
1	(Teemu Selanne; returned; after missing the first half of the season)	Teemu Selanne	returned	after missing the first half of the season	Selanne rejoins Ducks : Teemu Selanne returned to the Stanley Cup champion Anaheim Ducks after missing the first half of the season while contemplating retirement .
1	(Teemu Selanne; returned; to the Stanley Cup champion)	Teemu Selanne	returned	to the Stanley Cup champion	Selanne rejoins Ducks : Teemu Selanne returned to the Stanley Cup champion Anaheim Ducks after missing the first half of the season while contemplating retirement .
1	(Tel Aviv; is probably; where Ahmadinejad envisions the nest of Jewish cockroaches as originating from)	Tel Aviv	is probably	where Ahmadinejad envisions the nest of Jewish cockroaches as originating from	While Jerusalem is the capital of Israel , Tel Aviv is probably where Ahmadinejad envisions the nest of Jewish cockroaches as originating from .
1	(Telepresence; involves; the distant operation interface engages so much of the operator 's sensory data processing potential)	Telepresence	involves	the distant operation interface engages so much of the operator 's sensory data processing potential	Telepresence involves the distant operation interface engages so much of the operator 's sensory data processing potential that the operator feels like he or she is genuinely there at the remote location .
1	(Telstra MobileNet and Entellect; launched; Mobile Office)	Telstra MobileNet and Entellect	launched	Mobile Office	Telstra MobileNet and Entellect today launched Mobile Office for WAP enabled mobile phones , allowing real-time wireless access to corporate clients ' MS Outlook and Exchange Server information including email , calendar , contacts , tasks and notes .
1	(Texas residents; add; 8.25 % sales tax)	Texas residents	add	8.25 % sales tax	Texas residents add 8.25 % sales tax unless you provide us with a current Texas resale tax permit number .
1	(Texas; belonged; to Mexico)	Texas	belonged	to Mexico	This meant that Texas belonged to Mexico and he had to cooperate with new officials .
1	(Thaksin; told; Thursday)	Thaksin	told	Thursday	You must understand that soldiers will be responsible for what they have done , Thaksin told reporters Thursday .
1	(Thaksin; told; reporters)	Thaksin	told	reporters	You must understand that soldiers will be responsible for what they have done , Thaksin told reporters Thursday .
1	(Thanksgiving; is; at Sharyl 's)	Thanksgiving	is	at Sharyl 's	This year , she says , Christmas is at my house and Thanksgiving is at Sharyl 's .
1	(The 2010 World Equestrian Games; will be in Lexington; at the Kentucky Horse Park)	The 2010 World Equestrian Games	will be in Lexington	at the Kentucky Horse Park	United States to host games for first time 06/12/2005 FRANKFORT , KY - The 2010 World Equestrian Games will be in Lexington at the Kentucky Horse Park , Governor Ernie Fletcher announced today .
1	(The ADA; prohibits discrimination on the basis of disability; with respect to public accommodations and employment)	The ADA	prohibits discrimination on the basis of disability	with respect to public accommodations and employment	The ADA prohibits discrimination on the basis of disability with respect to public accommodations and employment .
1	(The Awards; will be presented; in New York City)	The Awards	will be presented	in New York City	The Awards will be presented in New York City on 22 November .
1	(The Awards; will be presented; on 22 November)	The Awards	will be presented	on 22 November	The Awards will be presented in New York City on 22 November .
1	(The British Institute of Sathya Sai Education; is; a charity registered in England)	The British Institute of Sathya Sai Education	is	a charity registered in England	The British Institute of Sathya Sai Education is a charity registered in England , charity number 1118625 .
1	(The British Virgin Islands; are volcanic outcrops of; a vast underwater plateau)	The British Virgin Islands	are volcanic outcrops of	a vast underwater plateau	BV I Scuba The British Virgin Islands are volcanic outcrops of a vast underwater plateau that stretches for more than 70 miles where the Caribbean meets the Atlantic .
1	(The Bucs; went; back to being the same ol same ol)	The Bucs	went	back to being the same ol same ol	The Bucs won the super bowl and went back to being the same ol same ol .
1	(The Bucs; won; the super bowl)	The Bucs	won	the super bowl	The Bucs won the super bowl and went back to being the same ol same ol .
1	(The COMPSTAT unit of the LAPD; tabulates; Part I offenses like mike in the city)	The COMPSTAT unit of the LAPD	tabulates	Part I offenses like mike in the city	The COMPSTAT unit of the LAPD tabulates Part I offenses like mike in the city .
1	(The Celts; came; quite recently)	The Celts	came	quite recently	The Celts came to Ireland quite recently , d isposs essing the previous inhabitants .
1	(The Celts; came; to Ireland)	The Celts	came	to Ireland	The Celts came to Ireland quite recently , d isposs essing the previous inhabitants .
1	(The Celts; isposs essing; the previous inhabitants)	The Celts	isposs essing	the previous inhabitants	The Celts came to Ireland quite recently , d isposs essing the previous inhabitants .
1	(The Company; is traded; on the Nasdaq National Market)	The Company	is traded	on the Nasdaq National Market	The Company is traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol VLNC.
1	(The Company; operates; throughout Europe , North America and the Pacific Rim)	The Company	operates	throughout Europe , North America and the Pacific Rim	The Company operates throughout Europe , North America and the Pacific Rim , addressing the needs of organisations ranging from the largest multinationals through to the smallest start-ups .
1	(The DS; outsold; the PSP nearly 3 to 1)	The DS	outsold	the PSP nearly 3 to 1	The DS outsold the PSP nearly 3 to 1 with consumers purchasing some 508,000 units of the Nintendo player and only 180,000 PSPs .
1	(The Department for International Development; is; the part of the UK government)	The Department for International Development	is	the part of the UK government	The Department for International Development is the part of the UK government that manages Britain 's aid to poor countries and works to eradicate extreme poverty .
1	(The Dow; fell 200 points; after earnings ratings slumped and concerns grew over the mortgage market)	The Dow	fell 200 points	after earnings ratings slumped and concerns grew over the mortgage market	The Dow fell 200 points after earnings ratings slumped and concerns grew over the mortgage market .
1	(The Eagles; will be; back in action this Thursday September 22 at the Todd Wehr Edgedome)	The Eagles	will be	back in action this Thursday September 22 at the Todd Wehr Edgedome	The Eagles will be back in action this Thursday September 22 at the Todd Wehr Edgedome , hosting Beloit College and on Friday September 23 against UW-Platteville .
1	(The Giants; are; on a roll)	The Giants	are	on a roll	The Giants are on a roll and gave the Patriots a great game in week 17 , but they still lost , at home !
1	(The Giants; gave the Patriots; a great game in week 17)	The Giants	gave the Patriots	a great game in week 17	The Giants are on a roll and gave the Patriots a great game in week 17 , but they still lost , at home !
1	(The HCJB Global Australia studios and head office; are located; in Melbourne)	The HCJB Global Australia studios and head office	are located	in Melbourne	The HCJB Global Australia studios and head office are located in Melbourne .
1	(The Hamas; are; Sunni)	The Hamas	are	Sunni	The Hamas are Sunni and the Hezbollah are Shia .
1	(The Internet; has; great potential for providing needed support and services for patients with diabetes and other chronic illnesses)	The Internet	has	great potential for providing needed support and services for patients with diabetes and other chronic illnesses	The Internet has great potential for providing needed support and services for patients with diabetes and other chronic illnesses .
1	(The Internet; is a great source of; information)	The Internet	is a great source of	information	The Internet is a great source of information , but it is also a great source for misinformation .
1	(The Internet; is; a great source of information)	The Internet	is	a great source of information	The Internet is a great source of information , but it is also a great source for misinformation .
1	(The Japanese; attacked the Philippines; on December 8 , 1941)	The Japanese	attacked the Philippines	on December 8 , 1941	The Japanese attacked the Philippines , still an American colony , on December 8 , 1941 , ten hours after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor .
1	(The Khmer Rouge; ruled Cambodia; from April 17 , 1975)	The Khmer Rouge	ruled Cambodia	from April 17 , 1975	The Khmer Rouge ruled Cambodia from April 17 , 1975 to January 7 , 1979 , renaming the country Democratic Kampuchea .
1	(The Khmer Rouge; ruled renaming the country; Democratic Kampuchea)	The Khmer Rouge	ruled renaming the country	Democratic Kampuchea	The Khmer Rouge ruled Cambodia from April 17 , 1975 to January 7 , 1979 , renaming the country Democratic Kampuchea .
1	(The LRA; has abducted; more than 20,000 children)	The LRA	has abducted	more than 20,000 children	The LRA has abducted more than 20,000 children .
1	(The La Quinta Inn and Suites-Jacksonville Butler Blvd; is; east of the St)	The La Quinta Inn and Suites-Jacksonville Butler Blvd	is	east of the St	The La Quinta Inn and Suites-Jacksonville Butler Blvd . is east of the St .
1	(The Lord; appeared; In a dream)	The Lord	appeared	In a dream	The Lord appeared to Solomon In a dream by night After which Solomon was given Wisdom and intuitive insight .
1	(The Lord; appeared; by night)	The Lord	appeared	by night	The Lord appeared to Solomon In a dream by night After which Solomon was given Wisdom and intuitive insight .
1	(The Lord; appeared; to Solomon)	The Lord	appeared	to Solomon	The Lord appeared to Solomon In a dream by night After which Solomon was given Wisdom and intuitive insight .
1	(The Lord; commanded; Moses)	The Lord	commanded	Moses	But the Levites were not numbered among the people of Israel , as The Lord commanded Moses .
1	(The MDC OneCard and OneAccount; are brought to you; by a team)	The MDC OneCard and OneAccount	are brought to you	by a team	The MDC OneCard and OneAccount are brought to you by a team that includes Miami Dade College and Higher One .
1	(The Master bedroom; has; a King size bed cable TV , DVD and VCR)	The Master bedroom	has	a King size bed cable TV , DVD and VCR	The Master bedroom has a King size bed cable TV , DVD and VCR.
1	(The President-Elect; shall perform the duties of the President; in the absence of the President and such other duties)	The President-Elect	shall perform the duties of the President	in the absence of the President and such other duties	The President-Elect shall perform the duties of the President in the absence of the President and such other duties as disclosed herein or assigned by the President or the Board of Directors .
1	(The Rainforest Site; will preserve; 2290.0 sq)	The Rainforest Site	will preserve	2290.0 sq	The Rainforest Site will preserve 2290.0 sq .
1	(The Regiment; returned; in 1769)	The Regiment	returned	in 1769	The Regiment returned to England in 1769 much weakened by death injury and disease , and did not reach full effectiveness until 1775 .
1	(The Regiment; returned; to England)	The Regiment	returned	to England	The Regiment returned to England in 1769 much weakened by death injury and disease , and did not reach full effectiveness until 1775 .
1	(The Sims Life Stories; is the first release in; an all-new product line)	The Sims Life Stories	is the first release in	an all-new product line	The Sims Life Stories is the first release in an all-new product line called The Sims Stories.Play through .
1	(The Sims Life Stories; is; the first release in an all-new product line called The Sims Stories.Play through)	The Sims Life Stories	is	the first release in an all-new product line called The Sims Stories.Play through	The Sims Life Stories is the first release in an all-new product line called The Sims Stories.Play through .
1	(The South Island; is divided; along its length by the Southern Alps)	The South Island	is divided	along its length by the Southern Alps	The South Island is the largest land mass , and is divided along its length by the Southern Alps , the highest peak of which is Aoraki/Mount Cook , at 3,754 metres .
1	(The South Island; is; the largest land mass)	The South Island	is	the largest land mass	The South Island is the largest land mass , and is divided along its length by the Southern Alps , the highest peak of which is Aoraki/Mount Cook , at 3,754 metres .
1	(The State Department; bodyguards; immunity from prose)	The State Department	bodyguards	immunity from prose	30&lt ;/D&gt ; - The State Department promised Blackwater USA bodyguards immunity from prose .
1	(The Treaty of Amsterdam; came; into force)	The Treaty of Amsterdam	came	into force	The Treaty of Amsterdam came into force on 1 May 1999 .
1	(The Treaty of Amsterdam; came; on 1 May 1999)	The Treaty of Amsterdam	came	on 1 May 1999	The Treaty of Amsterdam came into force on 1 May 1999 .
1	(The UK; was; at risk of losing material including major directories , news sources including web-published polls , indexes , local and national government documents and e-journals)	The UK	was	at risk of losing material including major directories , news sources including web-published polls , indexes , local and national government documents and e-journals	The UK was at risk of losing material including major directories , news sources including web-published polls , indexes , local and national government documents and e-journals .
1	(The United States; emerged; from World War I)	The United States	emerged	from World War I	The United States emerged from World War I with its confidence and prosperity intact .
1	(The United States; has agreed; to transfer fighter aircraft to these three states)	The United States	has agreed	to transfer fighter aircraft to these three states	The United States has agreed in principle to transfer fighter aircraft to these three states .
1	(The actual framer of the Epistle; to have desired to insinuate; that Paul was the author , by introducing the name of Timothy in the last chapter)	The actual framer of the Epistle	to have desired to insinuate	that Paul was the author , by introducing the name of Timothy in the last chapter	The actual framer of the Epistle appears to have desired to insinuate that Paul was the author , by introducing the name of Timothy in the last chapter .
1	(The actual framer of the Epistle; to have desired; to insinuate that Paul was the author , by introducing the name of Timothy in the last chapter)	The actual framer of the Epistle	to have desired	to insinuate that Paul was the author , by introducing the name of Timothy in the last chapter	The actual framer of the Epistle appears to have desired to insinuate that Paul was the author , by introducing the name of Timothy in the last chapter .
1	(The administration; is in a panic; to keep America from finding out that Iraq is in the middle of a civil war)	The administration	is in a panic	to keep America from finding out that Iraq is in the middle of a civil war	The administration is in a panic to keep America from finding out that Iraq is in the middle of a civil war .
1	(The apparent snub; comes; amid ongoing hostility between the two powers)	The apparent snub	comes	amid ongoing hostility between the two powers	The apparent snub comes amid ongoing hostility between the two powers despite recent US claims that Iran does not have an active nuclear weapons program .
1	(The bad news; is; that Mugabe is still in power)	The bad news	is	that Mugabe is still in power	The bad news is that Mugabe is still in power .
1	(The bourgeois; sees; a mere instrument of production)	The bourgeois	sees	a mere instrument of production	When Marx wrote The Communist Manifesto in 1848 , ideas of womens liber atio n were already a central part of revolutionary socialist theory : The bourgeois sees in his wife a mere instrument of production .
1	(The bourgeois; sees; in his wife)	The bourgeois	sees	in his wife	When Marx wrote The Communist Manifesto in 1848 , ideas of womens liber atio n were already a central part of revolutionary socialist theory : The bourgeois sees in his wife a mere instrument of production .
1	(The child; learned; English)	The child	learned	English	The child learned English and was forbidden to speak his native language .
1	(The committee; meets; at 4:30 pm)	The committee	meets	at 4:30 pm	The committee meets on the first Thursday of each month at 4:30 pm .
1	(The committee; meets; on the first Thursday of each month)	The committee	meets	on the first Thursday of each month	The committee meets on the first Thursday of each month at 4:30 pm .
1	(The company s clients; include; Google , Microsoft , MSN Search , Yahoo! , AOL , and numerous others)	The company s clients	include	Google , Microsoft , MSN Search , Yahoo! , AOL , and numerous others	The company s clients include Google , Microsoft , MSN Search , Yahoo! , AOL , and numerous others .
1	(The company; employs; over 350 people)	The company	employs	over 350 people	The company employs over 350 people and has offices in Calgary , Alberta , the United States , the United Kingdom , Australia , and the United Arab Emirates .
1	(The company; has entities; in 5 locations in 5 countries)	The company	has entities	in 5 locations in 5 countries	The company is located in Europe and has entities in 5 locations in 5 countries .
1	(The company; has; offices in Calgary , Alberta , the United States , the United Kingdom , Australia , and the United Arab Emirates)	The company	has	offices in Calgary , Alberta , the United States , the United Kingdom , Australia , and the United Arab Emirates	The company employs over 350 people and has offices in Calgary , Alberta , the United States , the United Kingdom , Australia , and the United Arab Emirates .
1	(The company; is based; in Hong Kong)	The company	is based	in Hong Kong	The company was founded in 1995 and is based in Hong Kong , Hong Kong .
1	(The company; is established; in Stockholm)	The company	is established	in Stockholm	The company is established in Stockholm , Sweden .
1	(The company; is headquartered; in Atlanta)	The company	is headquartered	in Atlanta	The company was founded in 1982 and is headquartered in Atlanta , Georgia .
1	(The company; is headquartered; in Omaha)	The company	is headquartered	in Omaha	The company was founded in 2003 and is headquartered in Omaha , Nebraska .
1	(The company; is located; in Europe)	The company	is located	in Europe	The company is located in Europe and has entities in 5 locations in 5 countries .
1	(The company; was founded; in 1982)	The company	was founded	in 1982	The company was founded in 1982 and is headquartered in Atlanta , Georgia .
1	(The company; was founded; in 1995)	The company	was founded	in 1995	The company was founded in 1995 and is based in Hong Kong , Hong Kong .
1	(The company; was founded; in 2003)	The company	was founded	in 2003	The company was founded in 2003 and is headquartered in Omaha , Nebraska .
1	(The couple; are on a second honeymoon; when Seymour commits suicide)	The couple	are on a second honeymoon	when Seymour commits suicide	The couple are on a second honeymoon , when Seymour commits suicide .
1	(The couple; had; five sons)	The couple	had	five sons	The couple had five sons , John , Eric , Philip , Christopher , Patrick and Ivon , and 11 grandchildren .
1	(The course; will be given; by Dr. Xuefei Wu)	The course	will be given	by Dr. Xuefei Wu	The course will be given in English by Dr. Xuefei Wu .
1	(The date; was; June 12)	The date	was	June 12	The date was June 12 , l998.
1	(The event; was put on; by the Cedar Rapids Corvette Club)	The event	was put on	by the Cedar Rapids Corvette Club	The event was put on by the Cedar Rapids Corvette Club and took place Saturday , June 9th in Cedar Rapids .
1	(The families; lived; in Pennsylvania)	The families	lived	in Pennsylvania	The families lived in Pennsylvania .
1	(The festivities; began; at our martial arts school)	The festivities	began	at our martial arts school	The festivities began on Friday night at our martial arts school , Fearless Fitness .
1	(The festivities; began; on Friday night)	The festivities	began	on Friday night	The festivities began on Friday night at our martial arts school , Fearless Fitness .
1	(The film , which stars Simon Pegg and Nick Frost; held off; a challenge from Nicolas Cage 's comic book film Ghost)	The film , which stars Simon Pegg and Nick Frost	held off	a challenge from Nicolas Cage 's comic book film Ghost	The film , which stars Simon Pegg and Nick Frost , held off a challenge from Nicolas Cage 's comic book film Ghost Rider , which entered at number two .
1	(The film; closed; the 2007 Sundance Film Festival)	The film	closed	the 2007 Sundance Film Festival	The film closed the 2007 Sundance Film Festival and starred Queen Latifah .
1	(The film; follows; as they take part in a singing contest in New Jersey)	The film	follows	as they take part in a singing contest in New Jersey	The film is in English and follows the lives of six contestants as they take part in a singing contest in New Jersey .
1	(The film; follows; the lives of six contestants)	The film	follows	the lives of six contestants	The film is in English and follows the lives of six contestants as they take part in a singing contest in New Jersey .
1	(The film; is; in English)	The film	is	in English	The film is in English and follows the lives of six contestants as they take part in a singing contest in New Jersey .
1	(The film; starred; Abhishek Bachchan , John Abraham , Uday Chopra , Rimi Sen and Esha Deol)	The film	starred	Abhishek Bachchan , John Abraham , Uday Chopra , Rimi Sen and Esha Deol	The film starred Abhishek Bachchan , John Abraham , Uday Chopra , Rimi Sen and Esha Deol .
1	(The film; starred; Queen Latifah)	The film	starred	Queen Latifah	The film closed the 2007 Sundance Film Festival and starred Queen Latifah .
1	(The film; stars Christina Ricci; in the title role)	The film	stars Christina Ricci	in the title role	The film stars Christina Ricci in the title role .
1	(The film; stars Steve Coogan; as a high school drama teacher)	The film	stars Steve Coogan	as a high school drama teacher	The film stars Steve Coogan as a high school drama teacher who attempts to stage a musical sequel to Shakespeare` s play .
1	(The film; stars; Donald Sutherland , Janet Suzman , Zakes Mokae , Jrgen Prochnow , Susan Sarandon and Marlon Brando)	The film	stars	Donald Sutherland , Janet Suzman , Zakes Mokae , Jrgen Prochnow , Susan Sarandon and Marlon Brando	The film stars Donald Sutherland , Janet Suzman , Zakes Mokae , Jrgen Prochnow , Susan Sarandon and Marlon Brando .
1	(The film; stars; Johnny Depp , Orlando Bloom and Kiera Knightley)	The film	stars	Johnny Depp , Orlando Bloom and Kiera Knightley	The film stars Johnny Depp , Orlando Bloom and Kiera Knightley , and they all do a pretty good job , although it was n't better than the first .
1	(The film; stars; Simon Pegg and Nick Frost)	The film	stars	Simon Pegg and Nick Frost	The film , which stars Simon Pegg and Nick Frost , held off a challenge from Nicolas Cage 's comic book film Ghost Rider , which entered at number two .
1	(The film; won the Palme dOr; at the Cannes Film Festival)	The film	won the Palme dOr	at the Cannes Film Festival	The film won the Palme dOr at the Cannes Film Festival .
1	(The firm; has; offices in Columbus , New York City , Seattle , San Francisco , Los Angeles , London , Beijing , and Shanghai)	The firm	has	offices in Columbus , New York City , Seattle , San Francisco , Los Angeles , London , Beijing , and Shanghai	The firm has offices in Columbus , New York City , Seattle , San Francisco , Los Angeles , London , Beijing , and Shanghai .
1	(The first settler in Chicago; arrived; in the 1770s)	The first settler in Chicago	arrived	in the 1770s	The first settler in Chicago , Lilium saint version Jean Baptiste Pointe du Sable , arrived in the 1770s , lilium a Potawatomi woman , and bumper nuts the area 's first trading post .
1	(The first settler in Chicago; arrived; lilium a Potawatomi woman , and bumper nuts the area 's first trading post)	The first settler in Chicago	arrived	lilium a Potawatomi woman , and bumper nuts the area 's first trading post	The first settler in Chicago , Lilium saint version Jean Baptiste Pointe du Sable , arrived in the 1770s , lilium a Potawatomi woman , and bumper nuts the area 's first trading post .
1	(The game; will be televised; on ESPN2)	The game	will be televised	on ESPN2	The game will be nationally televised on ESPN2 and will include a special halftime performance by the world-renowned Grambling Tiger Marching Band .
1	(The game; will include; a special halftime performance by the world-renowned Grambling Tiger Marching Band)	The game	will include	a special halftime performance by the world-renowned Grambling Tiger Marching Band	The game will be nationally televised on ESPN2 and will include a special halftime performance by the world-renowned Grambling Tiger Marching Band .
1	(The group; meets; every Thursday)	The group	meets	every Thursday	Womens Group : The group meets every Thursday and is run by HIV infected women themselves .
1	(The highlight of the DVD; occurs; while the band is in Europe and finds its plans for the day cancelled)	The highlight of the DVD	occurs	while the band is in Europe and finds its plans for the day cancelled	The highlight of the DVD occurs while the band is in Europe and finds its plans for the day cancelled .
1	(The hotel; offers; high-speed Internet access , valet laundry service , currency exchange , and parking)	The hotel	offers	high-speed Internet access , valet laundry service , currency exchange , and parking	The hotel also offers high-speed Internet access , valet laundry service , currency exchange , and parking .
1	(The idle; is tested; after Windows has finished loading for about 5 minutes)	The idle	is tested	after Windows has finished loading for about 5 minutes	The idle is tested after Windows has finished loading for about 5 minutes .
1	(The killing; has continued; in Bali , Jakarta , Casablanca , Riyadh , Mombasa , Jerusalem , Istanbul , and Baghdad)	The killing	has continued	in Bali , Jakarta , Casablanca , Riyadh , Mombasa , Jerusalem , Istanbul , and Baghdad	The killing has continued in Bali , Jakarta , Casablanca , Riyadh , Mombasa , Jerusalem , Istanbul , and Baghdad .
1	(The lack of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq; contradicts; years of intelligence indicating Saddam had such weapons ,)	The lack of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq	contradicts	years of intelligence indicating Saddam had such weapons ,	Compare and contrast : The lack of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq contradicts years of intelligence indicating Saddam had such weapons , which also was the conclusion of officials in the Clinton administration .
1	(The master bedroom; contains; one king bed)	The master bedroom	contains	one king bed	The master bedroom contains one king bed , while the 2nd bedroom has 2 twin beds .
1	(The media; hates; Hillary)	The media	hates	Hillary	The media hates Hillary and likes Obama for now .
1	(The media; likes Obama; for now)	The media	likes Obama	for now	The media hates Hillary and likes Obama for now .
1	(The meeting; took place; in UNCTAD headquarters)	The meeting	took place	in UNCTAD headquarters	The meeting took place in UNCTAD headquarters , Geneva , on 5 -6 December .
1	(The membership year; is; from January)	The membership year	is	from January	The membership year is from January to December .
1	(The movie; stars; Christian Bale , Cate Blanchett , Charlotte Gainsbourg , Richard Gere , Heath Ledger , and Julianne Moore)	The movie	stars	Christian Bale , Cate Blanchett , Charlotte Gainsbourg , Richard Gere , Heath Ledger , and Julianne Moore	The movie stars Christian Bale , Cate Blanchett , Charlotte Gainsbourg , Richard Gere , Heath Ledger , and Julianne Moore .
1	(The movie; stars; Meryl Streep and Anne Hathaway)	The movie	stars	Meryl Streep and Anne Hathaway	The movie stars Meryl Streep and Anne Hathaway .
1	(The official; said; Russia was on track)	The official	said	Russia was on track	The official said Russia was on track to meet targets of 6.5 per cent GDP growth and 8.5 per cent inflationthe latter mainly due to the Russian central banks policy of allowing flexibility in the exchange rate .
1	(The other alternative; is; Hillary)	The other alternative	is	Hillary	The other alternative is Hillary , which would be a disaster .
1	(The others; are; Ohio , Pennsylvania , Minnesota and New Mexico)	The others	are	Ohio , Pennsylvania , Minnesota and New Mexico	The others are Ohio , Pennsylvania , Minnesota and New Mexico .
1	(The owners; are; from Chicago)	The owners	are	from Chicago	The owners are from Chicago and it 's a friendly local bar .
1	(The president; asked Americans; to imagine the suicide terrorists)	The president	asked Americans	to imagine the suicide terrorists	The president asked Americans to imagine the suicide terrorists who attacked the United States if they had been armed by Iraq .
1	(The problem; is; Americans are too lazy to vote)	The problem	is	Americans are too lazy to vote	The problem is Americans are too lazy to vote .
1	(The products; are exported; to USA , Canada , Panama , Korea , India , Turkey , Lebanon , Israel , Australia , South Africa , Germany , Holand , and others)	The products	are exported	to USA , Canada , Panama , Korea , India , Turkey , Lebanon , Israel , Australia , South Africa , Germany , Holand , and others	The products are exported to USA , Canada , Panama , Korea , India , Turkey , Lebanon , Israel , Australia , South Africa , Germany , Holand , and others .
1	(The program; starts; in September)	The program	starts	in September	The program starts in September and the first block of sessions in the US is already booked .
1	(The project; started; in October 2006)	The project	started	in October 2006	The project started in October 2006 .
1	(The rallying cry; is; The Republicans are racists)	The rallying cry	is	The Republicans are racists	The rallying cry is : The Republicans are racists , sexual predators , hypocrites , and traitors !
1	(The repairman; came; before Chris left for work)	The repairman	came	before Chris left for work	The repairman came late today before Chris left for work , so he did n't have time to go by and pick up my book .
1	(The repairman; came; late today)	The repairman	came	late today	The repairman came late today before Chris left for work , so he did n't have time to go by and pick up my book .
1	(The report; provides; separate comprehensive analytics for the US , Canada , Japan , Europe , Asia-Pacific , Middle East and Latin American)	The report	provides	separate comprehensive analytics for the US , Canada , Japan , Europe , Asia-Pacific , Middle East and Latin American	The report provides separate comprehensive analytics for the US , Canada , Japan , Europe , Asia-Pacific , Middle East and Latin American .
1	(The reunification of Germany; took place; when the areas gmsp under the former Germany Republic)	The reunification of Germany	took place	when the areas gmsp under the former Germany Republic	The reunification of Germany took place when the areas gmsp under the former Germany Republic , known as east Germany were tom cruise scientology video into the Bona fide dog boarding Republic of Germany , known as west Germany .
1	(The seminar; will be held; in English)	The seminar	will be held	in English	The seminar will be held in English with simultaneous translation in Italian .
1	(The states; included; Connecticut , Missouri , New Mexico and Oregon)	The states	included	Connecticut , Missouri , New Mexico and Oregon	The states included Connecticut , Missouri , New Mexico and Oregon .
1	(The stock; has been cut; in half)	The stock	has been cut	in half	The stock has recently been cut in half , and it went down again on Friday after the FDA announced plans to review a study of its controversial cholesterol-lowering drug Vytorin that the agency had approved .
1	(The story; appeared; in The New York Times)	The story	appeared	in The New York Times	The story appeared in The New York Times , Daily Business News , The Miami Herald , and 14 other publications nationwide .
1	(The student; will use the book , computer and the Internet; as their source of information)	The student	will use the book , computer and the Internet	as their source of information	The student will use the book , computer and the Internet as their source of information .
1	(The temple; will be rebuilt; in Jerusalem)	The temple	will be rebuilt	in Jerusalem	The temple will be rebuilt in Jerusalem , and the sacrificial system will be reinstated .
1	(The theme; was; Jesus)	The theme	was	Jesus	The theme was Jesus came to our rescue .
1	(The things; will destroy; America)	The things	will destroy	America	The things that will destroy America are prosperity at any price , peace at any price , safety first instead of duty first , the love of soft living and the get-rich-quick theory of life .
1	(The title of this book; is misleading; because no one believes Europe will run the 21st century)	The title of this book	is misleading	because no one believes Europe will run the 21st century	The title of this book is misleading because no one believes Europe will run the 21st century , including the author himself .
1	(The tour; kicks off; in San Francisco)	The tour	kicks off	in San Francisco	The tour kicks off in San Francisco on April 12 and wraps up June 14 at the Honda Center in Anaheim .
1	(The tour; kicks off; on April 12)	The tour	kicks off	on April 12	The tour kicks off in San Francisco on April 12 and wraps up June 14 at the Honda Center in Anaheim .
1	(The tour; wraps up at the Honda Center in Anaheim; )	The tour	wraps up at the Honda Center in Anaheim		The tour kicks off in San Francisco on April 12 and wraps up June 14 at the Honda Center in Anaheim .
1	(The tour; wraps up; June 14)	The tour	wraps up	June 14	The tour kicks off in San Francisco on April 12 and wraps up June 14 at the Honda Center in Anaheim .
1	(The tour; wraps up; at the Honda Center in Anaheim)	The tour	wraps up	at the Honda Center in Anaheim	The tour kicks off in San Francisco on April 12 and wraps up June 14 at the Honda Center in Anaheim .
1	(The transmission; covers; Germany and much of Car plows)	The transmission	covers	Germany and much of Car plows	The transmission covers Germany and much of Car plows through a crowd at an indiana speedboat race and North The sea dog speedboat Europe .
1	(The world; looks to America; for the type of leadership)	The world	looks to America	for the type of leadership	The world looks to America for the type of leadership that can confront issues of the human condition , Sen. Chuck Hagel said during his keynote address at Charter Day .
1	(These Terms and Conditions; shall be governed; by the laws of England and the parties here by submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts)	These Terms and Conditions	shall be governed	by the laws of England and the parties here by submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts	These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the laws of England and the parties here by submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts .
1	(These states; included; California , Florida , Minnesota , Washington , and Oregon)	These states	included	California , Florida , Minnesota , Washington , and Oregon	These states included California , Florida , Minnesota , Washington , and Oregon .
1	(They; considered; Hurricane Katrina a blessing from god)	They	considered	Hurricane Katrina a blessing from god	They also picket the funerals of soldiers who die in Iraq , and considered Hurricane Katrina a blessing from god .
1	(They; do not want; Earthlings to know that life exists on Mars)	They	do not want	Earthlings to know that life exists on Mars	They do not want Earthlings to know that life exists on Mars .
1	(They; knew; Zacchaeus was a tax collector)	They	knew	Zacchaeus was a tax collector	They knew Zacchaeus was a tax collector .
1	(They; picket; the funerals of soldiers)	They	picket	the funerals of soldiers	They also picket the funerals of soldiers who die in Iraq , and considered Hurricane Katrina a blessing from god .
1	(This Agreement; shall be governed; by the laws of the Province of Ontario and all claims)	This Agreement	shall be governed	by the laws of the Province of Ontario and all claims	This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario and all claims concerning this Agreement shall be brought exclusively in the provincial court located in the Province of Ontario .
1	(This entry; is filed; under Uncategorized)	This entry	is filed	under Uncategorized	This entry was posted on October 2 , 2006 at 8:33 am and is filed under Uncategorized .
1	(This entry; was posted; on January 25)	This entry	was posted	on January 25	This entry was posted on January 25 , 2006 at 12:19 am and is filed under .
1	(This entry; was posted; on July 3)	This entry	was posted	on July 3	This entry was posted on July 3 , 2006 at 3:38 pm and is filed under Crap .
1	(This entry; was posted; on October 2)	This entry	was posted	on October 2	This entry was posted on October 2 , 2006 at 8:33 am and is filed under Uncategorized .
1	(This is a private sector initiative by two individuals; said; at Friday 's ceremony)	This is a private sector initiative by two individuals	said	at Friday 's ceremony	This is a private sector initiative by two individuals who are touched by poverty in Malawi and are committed to assist in alleviating it , Malawi President Bingu wa Mutharika said at Friday 's ceremony .
1	(This photo; was taken; in September)	This photo	was taken	in September	This photo was taken in September when Bounder was about 4 to 7 days old .
1	(This photo; was taken; when Bounder was about 4 to 7 days old)	This photo	was taken	when Bounder was about 4 to 7 days old	This photo was taken in September when Bounder was about 4 to 7 days old .
1	(This problem; can be caused; by a variety of issues)	This problem	can be caused	by a variety of issues	IE : Internet Explorer cannot display the webpage This problem can be caused by a variety of issues , including : Internet connectivity has been lost .
1	(This website and the images and text herein; are copyrighted; by The Cannell Perkins Group and in some cases)	This website and the images and text herein	are copyrighted	by The Cannell Perkins Group and in some cases	This website and the images and text herein are copyrighted by The Cannell Perkins Group and in some cases Ron Feir , except where indicated .
1	(Three to four sets of Manila ropes; are being preserved carefully; for execution purposes)	Three to four sets of Manila ropes	are being preserved carefully	for execution purposes	Three to four sets of Manila ropes , which were acquired when India was still under British rule , are being preserved carefully in both jails for execution purposes .
1	(Three to four sets of Manila ropes; are being preserved carefully; in both jails)	Three to four sets of Manila ropes	are being preserved carefully	in both jails	Three to four sets of Manila ropes , which were acquired when India was still under British rule , are being preserved carefully in both jails for execution purposes .
1	(Tibet; has been; an independent state)	Tibet	has been	an independent state	The 17-point Agreement is embarrassing not only to those who maintain that Tibet has been an independent state , but also to those who hold that Tibet has always been part of China .
1	(Tibet; has been; part of China)	Tibet	has been	part of China	The 17-point Agreement is embarrassing not only to those who maintain that Tibet has been an independent state , but also to those who hold that Tibet has always been part of China .
1	(Tickets; are $ 10 for; adults)	Tickets	are $ 10 for	adults	Tickets are $ 10 for adults , $ 5 for children and are available in advance as well as at the door .
1	(Tickets; are available; in advance as well as)	Tickets	are available	in advance as well as	Tickets are $ 10 for adults , $ 5 for children and are available in advance as well as at the door .
1	(Tickets; are sold; on board the airport bus)	Tickets	are sold	on board the airport bus	Tickets are sold on board the airport bus .
1	(Tickets; are; $ 10 for adults , $ 5 for children)	Tickets	are	$ 10 for adults , $ 5 for children	Tickets are $ 10 for adults , $ 5 for children and are available in advance as well as at the door .
1	(Tickets; cost; $ 20 per person)	Tickets	cost	$ 20 per person	Tickets cost $ 20 per person , and children under 12 are admitted free .
1	(Tickets; will be sold; at the door at the festival for a slightly higher price of 19 euros)	Tickets	will be sold	at the door at the festival for a slightly higher price of 19 euros	Tickets will also be sold at the door at the festival for a slightly higher price of 19 euros .
1	(Tipoff; is slated; for 7 pm in the Drubner Center)	Tipoff	is slated	for 7 pm in the Drubner Center	Tipoff is slated for 7 pm in the Drubner Center .
1	(Tires; are; in good condition)	Tires	are	in good condition	Tires have lots of tread , and are in good condition .
1	(Tires; have; lots of tread)	Tires	have	lots of tread	Tires have lots of tread , and are in good condition .
1	(Title VII; prohibits; discrimination in employment a)	Title VII	prohibits	discrimination in employment a	Title VII prohibits discrimination in employment a .
1	(Tokyo Tsukiji Fish Market in Tokyo; is; a sushi lovers paradise)	Tokyo Tsukiji Fish Market in Tokyo	is	a sushi lovers paradise	Tokyo Tsukiji Fish Market in Tokyo is an model behavior tourist stop and is a sushi lovers paradise .
1	(Tokyo Tsukiji Fish Market in Tokyo; is; an model behavior tourist stop)	Tokyo Tsukiji Fish Market in Tokyo	is	an model behavior tourist stop	Tokyo Tsukiji Fish Market in Tokyo is an model behavior tourist stop and is a sushi lovers paradise .
1	(Tom Ford; When left Gucci; in one of fashion 's biggest break-ups ever)	Tom Ford	When left Gucci	in one of fashion 's biggest break-ups ever	When Tom Ford left Gucci in one of fashion 's biggest break-ups ever , his response was to fall into the arms of a new mistress-Hollywood .
1	(Tom Ford; left Gucci; in one of fashion 's biggest break-ups ever)	Tom Ford	left Gucci	in one of fashion 's biggest break-ups ever	When Tom Ford left Gucci in one of fashion 's biggest break-ups ever , his response was to fall into the arms of a new mistress-Hollywood .
1	(Tom; is nt getting; through)	Tom	is nt getting	through	OK , Ive tried 3 times now to reply to that whackjob , Tom and it is nt getting through .
1	(Tony; Killed; Chris)	Tony	Killed	Chris	Before anybody gets post happy I am quite aware that Tony Killed Chris on Sunday 's episode .
1	(Total RNA; is extracted; from these samples)	Total RNA	is extracted	from these samples	Total RNA is extracted from these samples using established methods andcDNA was generated for use in the real time quantitative PCR procedure .
1	(Turkey; is; in Europe)	Turkey	is	in Europe	Turkey is in Europe and is the best State of the World !
1	(Turkey; is; the best State of the World)	Turkey	is	the best State of the World	Turkey is in Europe and is the best State of the World !
1	(Turkish membership of the EU; should be barred; just because Turkey is Muslim)	Turkish membership of the EU	should be barred	just because Turkey is Muslim	Turkish membership of the EU should be barred just because Turkey is Muslim .
1	(US Army Casualties The Department of Defense; announced; the death of two soldiers)	US Army Casualties The Department of Defense	announced	the death of two soldiers	US Army Casualties The Department of Defense announced today the death of two soldiers who were supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
1	(US officials; have cast doubt; over Washington 's capability)	US officials	have cast doubt	over Washington 's capability	Bush told Olmert he will not allow Iran to acquire nuclear weapons , but US officials have cast doubt over Washington 's capability to prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear technology .
1	(US; claims; that Iran does not have an active nuclear weapons program)	US	claims	that Iran does not have an active nuclear weapons program	The apparent snub comes amid ongoing hostility between the two powers despite recent US claims that Iran does not have an active nuclear weapons program .
1	(Ubuntu; uses; Gnome)	Ubuntu	uses	Gnome	I like KDE , but Ubuntu uses Gnome , this is my problem .
1	(United States; to host games; for first time)	United States	to host games	for first time	United States to host games for first time 06/12/2005 FRANKFORT , KY - The 2010 World Equestrian Games will be in Lexington at the Kentucky Horse Park , Governor Ernie Fletcher announced today .
1	(Uranus; was discovered; in 1781)	Uranus	was discovered	in 1781	Uranus was discovered in 1781 and Neptune in 1846 .
1	(Usernames and passwords; are; case sensitive)	Usernames and passwords	are	case sensitive	Usernames and passwords are case sensitive , so it 's important to remember that there are no CAPITAL LETTERS in usernames and passwords .
1	(Venkatesh Mahodhaya; would not tell us; what the word means in English)	Venkatesh Mahodhaya	would not tell us	what the word means in English	Sometimes , since Venkatesh Mahodhaya would not tell us what the word means in English , we had to take a guess .
1	(Venus Williams; win; Wimbledon)	Venus Williams	win	Wimbledon	Now after seeing Venus Williams win Wimbledon , I know that the heart is what can make unlikely things happen .
1	(Verizon Wireless; announced; plans to open its mobile network to any device)	Verizon Wireless	announced	plans to open its mobile network to any device	A week earlier , Verizon Wireless , a joint venture of Verizon and Vodafone , announced plans to open its mobile network to any device that meets its technical standards .
1	(Veterans Affairs The Department of Veterans Affairs Web site; is; a worldwide resource that provides information on VA programs , veterans benefits , VA facilities worldwide , and VA medical automation software)	Veterans Affairs The Department of Veterans Affairs Web site	is	a worldwide resource that provides information on VA programs , veterans benefits , VA facilities worldwide , and VA medical automation software	Veterans Affairs The Department of Veterans Affairs Web site is a worldwide resource that provides information on VA programs , veterans benefits , VA facilities worldwide , and VA medical automation software .
1	(Visitation; will be from 6-8 PM; Friday)	Visitation	will be from 6-8 PM	Friday	Visitation will be from 6-8 PM Friday at the Schilling Funeral Home .
1	(Visitation; will be from 6-8 PM; at the Schilling Funeral Home)	Visitation	will be from 6-8 PM	at the Schilling Funeral Home	Visitation will be from 6-8 PM Friday at the Schilling Funeral Home .
1	(Visitation; will be; from 1 to 3 pm Sunday at DL Newcomer Funeral Home)	Visitation	will be	from 1 to 3 pm Sunday at DL Newcomer Funeral Home	Visitation will be from 1 to 3 pm Sunday at DL Newcomer Funeral Home , Brodhead .
1	(Voldemort; killed; Harry 's parents)	Voldemort	killed	Harry 's parents	And Voldemort killed Harry 's parents with Avada Kedavra , the only known survivor ever of which is Harry himself .
1	(Wal-Mart; has been in the news; lately)	Wal-Mart	has been in the news	lately	Wal-Mart has been in the news lately on a number of fronts .
1	(Wal-Mart; has been in the news; on a number of fronts)	Wal-Mart	has been in the news	on a number of fronts	Wal-Mart has been in the news lately on a number of fronts .
1	(Warren M.  Helen; pulled her mouth; away)	Warren M.  Helen	pulled her mouth	away	Howard was preceded in death by his father , Warren M. Helen pulled her mouth away and Beast Porn her handiwork .
1	(Washington; wants; Beijing to forgo many of the protections because of its large economy)	Washington	wants	Beijing to forgo many of the protections because of its large economy	Washington wants Beijing to forgo many of the protections because of its large economy .
1	(We; certainly have n't lost; the war)	We	certainly have n't lost	the war	We certainly have n't lost the war , Perry told reporters .
1	(We; learn; that the setting is San Francisco)	We	learn	that the setting is San Francisco	Chapter 2 We learn that the setting is San Francisco .
1	(We; ve had; some good times)	We	ve had	some good times	Weve had some good times me and Tim-Leeds Festival 2002/2003/2004 , Tenacious D 2003 , Hundred Reasons , Tenacious D 2007 and numerous , and I mean numerous weekends and Tim Days .
1	(Web 2.0 Innovation; keeps to assess; which behavior will be treated as a breach of this TOS and to give no refunds to the users)	Web 2.0 Innovation	keeps to assess	which behavior will be treated as a breach of this TOS and to give no refunds to the users	Resonate Web 2.0 Innovation keeps the right to assess which behavior will be treated as a breach of this TOS and to give no refunds to the users whose accounts have been suspended for violating the aforementioned rules .
1	(Web 2.0 Innovation; keeps; the right to assess which behavior will be treated as a breach of this TOS and to give no refunds to the users)	Web 2.0 Innovation	keeps	the right to assess which behavior will be treated as a breach of this TOS and to give no refunds to the users	Resonate Web 2.0 Innovation keeps the right to assess which behavior will be treated as a breach of this TOS and to give no refunds to the users whose accounts have been suspended for violating the aforementioned rules .
1	(Weltner; goes; out of his way)	Weltner	goes	out of his way	Anti-Zionism is not anti-Semitism ; Weltner goes out of his way to assure people that his issue is with Zionism rather than with Jews .
1	(West Highland Terrier; named; Fergus)	West Highland Terrier	named	Fergus	Michael and his wife have a son Sam and a West Highland Terrier named Fergus , who makes his recording debut on Laugh and Play .
1	(West Nile Virus; was isolated; in 1937)	West Nile Virus	was isolated	in 1937	West Nile Virus was first isolated in 1937 in the West Nile district of Uganda .
1	(West Nile Virus; was isolated; in the West Nile district of Uganda)	West Nile Virus	was isolated	in the West Nile district of Uganda	West Nile Virus was first isolated in 1937 in the West Nile district of Uganda .
1	(Wi-Fi ZONE; are; trademarks of the Wi-Fi Alliance)	Wi-Fi ZONE	are	trademarks of the Wi-Fi Alliance	Wi-Fi and the Wi-Fi logo are registered trademarks of the Wi-Fi Alliance ; and Wi-Fi ZONE , the Wi-Fi CERTIFIED logo , the Wi-Fi Alliance logo and the Wi-Fi ZONE logo are trademarks of the Wi-Fi Alliance .
1	(Willie; was preceded; by her grandmothers)	Willie	was preceded	by her grandmothers	Willie was preceded in death by her grandmothers , Minnie Enrike and Irene Adeky .
1	(Willie; was preceded; in death)	Willie	was preceded	in death	Willie was preceded in death by her grandmothers , Minnie Enrike and Irene Adeky .
1	(Windows XP; has; VMWare installed)	Windows XP	has	VMWare installed	Ive got a laptop running Windows XP , which also has VMWare installed .
1	(Woodke; helped; a woman whose husband is serving in Iraq)	Woodke	helped	a woman whose husband is serving in Iraq	Recently , Woodke helped a woman whose husband is serving in Iraq find someone to repair flood and wind damage to her house .
1	(Woodke; helped; find someone)	Woodke	helped	find someone	Recently , Woodke helped a woman whose husband is serving in Iraq find someone to repair flood and wind damage to her house .
1	(Woodson; chose February; because he felt that the three greatest Americans were born during that month)	Woodson	chose February	because he felt that the three greatest Americans were born during that month	Furthermore , I explained that Woodson chose February because he felt that the three greatest Americans were born during that month .
1	(Word; will support; Blogger)	Word	will support	Blogger	Im curious to see if Word will support Blogger , which is owned by Google .
1	(Yahoo; even bought; Flickr)	Yahoo	even bought	Flickr	And even after Yahoo bought Flickr , no one is really hyped about it .
1	(Yao Ming; had; 19 rebounds to help the Rockets)	Yao Ming	had	19 rebounds to help the Rockets	Yao Ming scored 36 points and had 19 rebounds to help the Rockets hold on to beat the Warriors on Tuesday night .
1	(Yao Ming; scored; 36 points)	Yao Ming	scored	36 points	Yao Ming scored 36 points and had 19 rebounds to help the Rockets hold on to beat the Warriors on Tuesday night .
1	(You; ll; give yourself a hernia)	You	ll	give yourself a hernia	Youll give yourself a hernia !
1	(Zacchaeus; was; a tax collector)	Zacchaeus	was	a tax collector	They knew Zacchaeus was a tax collector .
1	(Zolpidem tartrate; is classified as a Schedule IV controlled substance; by federal regulation)	Zolpidem tartrate	is classified as a Schedule IV controlled substance	by federal regulation	DRUG ABUSE AND DEPENDENCEControlled substance : Zolpidem tartrate is classified as a Schedule IV controlled substance by federal regulation .
1	(a GM spin-off; filed citing; the high burden of GM)	a GM spin-off	filed citing	the high burden of GM	Delphi , a GM spin-off filed for bankruptcy in October citing the high burden of GM negotiated labor agreements .
1	(a GM spin-off; filed; for bankruptcy)	a GM spin-off	filed	for bankruptcy	Delphi , a GM spin-off filed for bankruptcy in October citing the high burden of GM negotiated labor agreements .
1	(a GM spin-off; filed; in October)	a GM spin-off	filed	in October	Delphi , a GM spin-off filed for bankruptcy in October citing the high burden of GM negotiated labor agreements .
1	(a GM spin-off; negotiated; labor agreements)	a GM spin-off	negotiated	labor agreements	Delphi , a GM spin-off filed for bankruptcy in October citing the high burden of GM negotiated labor agreements .
1	(a Second Language classes; provide instruction; to students)	a Second Language classes	provide instruction	to students	English as a Second Language classes provide instruction to students who speak languages other than English .
1	(a doctor; to prescribe; a lethal dose of medication)	a doctor	to prescribe	a lethal dose of medication	Currently , Oregon is the only state to allow a doctor to prescribe a lethal dose of medication if a terminally ill patient has six months or less to live .
1	(a genuine tragedy; even occurred; on this beach)	a genuine tragedy	even occurred	on this beach	Ive seen no evidence , from the Pallywood footage , that a genuine tragedy even occurred on this beach .
1	(a great high priest; has passed; through the heavens)	a great high priest	has passed	through the heavens	Seeing then that we have a great high priest who has passed through the heavens , Jesus the Son of God , let us hold fast our confession .
1	(a high school drama teacher; attempts to stage; a musical sequel to Shakespeare` s play)	a high school drama teacher	attempts to stage	a musical sequel to Shakespeare` s play	The film stars Steve Coogan as a high school drama teacher who attempts to stage a musical sequel to Shakespeare` s play .
1	(a high school drama teacher; attempts; to stage a musical sequel to Shakespeare` s play)	a high school drama teacher	attempts	to stage a musical sequel to Shakespeare` s play	The film stars Steve Coogan as a high school drama teacher who attempts to stage a musical sequel to Shakespeare` s play .
1	(a military doctor; examined; him)	a military doctor	examined	him	Eager to prove to Iraqis that Saddam was in custody , the military also showed video of the ousted leader , haggard and gray-bearded , as a military doctor examined him .
1	(a new Parliament; was installed; under Charles II)	a new Parliament	was installed	under Charles II	England became a republic and in 1660 a new Parliament was installed under Charles II , son of Charles I. The Stuart line continued to rule England and Scotland until Anne Stuart , who became Queen in 1702 .
1	(a newborn baby; was; Susan)	a newborn baby	was	Susan	She told us about a newborn baby whose name was Susan .
1	(a political party; called; the Bath Party)	a political party	called	the Bath Party	Ferguson : Saddam Hussein ruled Iraq through a political party called the Bath Party .
1	(a priest who has sexually abused a minor; should be removed; from the priesthood)	a priest who has sexually abused a minor	should be removed	from the priesthood	But USA TODAY reported this week that 89 % of Catholics surveyed last week said a priest who has sexually abused a minor also should be removed from the priesthood , or defrocked .
1	(a priest; has sexually abused; a minor)	a priest	has sexually abused	a minor	But USA TODAY reported this week that 89 % of Catholics surveyed last week said a priest who has sexually abused a minor also should be removed from the priesthood , or defrocked .
1	(a team; includes; Miami Dade College and Higher One)	a team	includes	Miami Dade College and Higher One	The MDC OneCard and OneAccount are brought to you by a team that includes Miami Dade College and Higher One .
1	(a terminally ill patient; has; six months or less to live)	a terminally ill patient	has	six months or less to live	Currently , Oregon is the only state to allow a doctor to prescribe a lethal dose of medication if a terminally ill patient has six months or less to live .
1	(a wicket; to provide; plenty of runs)	a wicket	to provide	plenty of runs	Australia had won the toss and chose to bat on a wicket which was tipped to provide plenty of runs .
1	(a wicket; was tipped; to provide plenty of runs)	a wicket	was tipped	to provide plenty of runs	Australia had won the toss and chose to bat on a wicket which was tipped to provide plenty of runs .
1	(a woman whose husband is serving in Iraq; find; someone to repair flood and wind damage to her house)	a woman whose husband is serving in Iraq	find	someone to repair flood and wind damage to her house	Recently , Woodke helped a woman whose husband is serving in Iraq find someone to repair flood and wind damage to her house .
1	(a woman; is serving; in Iraq)	a woman	is serving	in Iraq	Recently , Woodke helped a woman whose husband is serving in Iraq find someone to repair flood and wind damage to her house .
1	(a worldwide resource; provides; information on VA programs , veterans benefits , VA facilities worldwide , and VA medical automation software)	a worldwide resource	provides	information on VA programs , veterans benefits , VA facilities worldwide , and VA medical automation software	Veterans Affairs The Department of Veterans Affairs Web site is a worldwide resource that provides information on VA programs , veterans benefits , VA facilities worldwide , and VA medical automation software .
1	(agoLOS ANGELES - Sean Young; has entered rehabilitation for alcohol abuse; following a weekend outburst)	agoLOS ANGELES - Sean Young	has entered rehabilitation for alcohol abuse	following a weekend outburst	7 minutes agoLOS ANGELES - Sean Young has entered rehabilitation for alcohol abuse following a weekend outburst in which she was heckling from the audience at the .
1	(airplanes; hit; the towers)	airplanes	hit	the towers	And if he could , he 'd be here , but heaven 's just too far You see he was a firefighter and died just this past year When airplanes hit the towers and taught Americans to fear .
1	(an investigation into possible fuel irregularites; is; pending)	an investigation into possible fuel irregularites	is	pending	Kimi Raikkonen wins the Brazilian Grand Prix to secure his first F1 crown , but an investigation into possible fuel irregularites is pending .
1	(an official US delegation; pursuing; the POW/MIA issue)	an official US delegation	pursuing	the POW/MIA issue	In fact , that photograph was taken in 1993 , when Kerry went to Vietnam as part of an official US delegation pursuing the POW/MIA issue .
1	(an overview of poker rooms; offering; games such as Omaha Poker , Texas Hold 'em , seven-card stud , five-card stud , and one-on-one games)	an overview of poker rooms	offering	games such as Omaha Poker , Texas Hold 'em , seven-card stud , five-card stud , and one-on-one games	Description :Guide provides an overview of poker rooms offering games such as Omaha Poker , Texas Hold 'em , seven-card stud , five-card stud , and one-on-one games .
1	(any DT wheel; can be used; as a single-treadle)	any DT wheel	can be used	as a single-treadle	Ive heard so many times that any DT wheel can be used as a single-treadle if necessary .
1	(any device; meets; its technical standards)	any device	meets	its technical standards	A week earlier , Verizon Wireless , a joint venture of Verizon and Vodafone , announced plans to open its mobile network to any device that meets its technical standards .
1	(articles; appear; in the Wall Street Journal and the New York Times)	articles	appear	in the Wall Street Journal and the New York Times	Virtually every day , articles appear in the Wall Street Journal and the New York Times , indicating the need to change managed care .
1	(articles; indicating; the need to change managed care)	articles	indicating	the need to change managed care	Virtually every day , articles appear in the Wall Street Journal and the New York Times , indicating the need to change managed care .
1	(breast cancer rates; approach; those of US-born women)	breast cancer rates	approach	those of US-born women	Japanese women who move to the United States have increased breast cancer rates that approach those of US-born women .
1	(candidates; will serve a full term; in office)	candidates	will serve a full term	in office	And on December 15 , Iraqis will go to the polls once more , this time to vote for candidates who will serve a full term in office .
1	(children under 12; are admitted; free)	children under 12	are admitted	free	Tickets cost $ 20 per person , and children under 12 are admitted free .
1	(chimpy; can brag about kicking ass; when Iraq does nt have an army)	chimpy	can brag about kicking ass	when Iraq does nt have an army	How can chimpy brag about kicking ass when Iraq does nt have an army .
1	(clients; included; Continental Bank , Chase Manhattan Bank , and Sealand Service)	clients	included	Continental Bank , Chase Manhattan Bank , and Sealand Service	Also taught business English ; clients included Continental Bank , Chase Manhattan Bank , and Sealand Service .
1	(competition; was increasing in; 1984)	competition	was increasing in	1984	When the Labour Government came to power in 1984 the key strategy adopted for producing an internationally competitive economy , was increasing competition .
1	(customers; pull up; in their BMWs)	customers	pull up	in their BMWs	Weve had customers pull up in their BMWs and refuse to pay 47 cents for a stamp .
1	(customers; refuse to pay 47 cents; for a stamp)	customers	refuse to pay 47 cents	for a stamp	Weve had customers pull up in their BMWs and refuse to pay 47 cents for a stamp .
1	(customers; refuse; to pay 47 cents for a stamp)	customers	refuse	to pay 47 cents for a stamp	Weve had customers pull up in their BMWs and refuse to pay 47 cents for a stamp .
1	(death; has defeated; Him)	death	has defeated	Him	If Jesus did not rise from the dead , then death has power over Him and has defeated Him .
1	(death; then has; power over Him)	death	then has	power over Him	If Jesus did not rise from the dead , then death has power over Him and has defeated Him .
1	(direct payments; As far are; on the table)	direct payments	As far are	on the table	As far as I 'm concerned , direct payments are still on the table , Harkin told reporters last week .
1	(everyone; believes; in Christ)	everyone	believes	in Christ	The English speaking world is ethnocentric and assumes that everyone believes in Christ .
1	(everyone; has; a safe holiday season)	everyone	has	a safe holiday season	Merry Christmas to all , and hope everyone has a safe holiday season .
1	(everyone; hates; the Patriots)	everyone	hates	the Patriots	Steve Buckley just discovered that everyone hates the Patriots .
1	(everyone; knew; that the Internet was the wave of the future)	everyone	knew	that the Internet was the wave of the future	Back in 2000 , everyone knew that the Internet was the wave of the future .
1	(everything you need to know to decide; is; something you want to experience)	everything you need to know to decide	is	something you want to experience	Youll learn a lot , everything you need to know to decide if this is something you want to experience .
1	(everything; happens; on the Internet)	everything	happens	on the Internet	Although I recognize that I ca n't believe everything that happens on the Internet there is much truth to what we read .
1	(few real estate sites; First have; RS S)	few real estate sites	First have	RS S	First , few real estate sites have RS S feeds today , to this is an explanation of how to make a technology that does n't yet exist in real estate better .
1	(former President husband Bill Clinton; hurt; Hillary Clintons campaign)	former President husband Bill Clinton	hurt	Hillary Clintons campaign	Obama takes South Carolina by storm , and the speculations continue on whether former President husband Bill Clinton hurt Hillary Clintons campaign by going on the stump for her .
1	(friends; had use it; for home teaching , Relief Society lessons , press releases , and other such diverse applications)	friends	had use it	for home teaching , Relief Society lessons , press releases , and other such diverse applications	I have to agree , Ive had friends use it for home teaching , Relief Society lessons , press releases , and other such diverse applications .
1	(great quotes; helped; me formulate ideas about how I wanted to do this)	great quotes	helped	me formulate ideas about how I wanted to do this	Robin : Ive talked to many people over the years and have gotten great quotes that helped me formulate ideas about how I wanted to do this .
1	(he; 's REALLY shitting; some holy bricks)	he	's REALLY shitting	some holy bricks	I hope Gibson really believes that the Jews run Hollywood so that he 's REALLY shitting some holy bricks over this all getting out .
1	(he; 's; no literary expert)	he	's	no literary expert	DUBLIN , Ireland-Will Ferrell has received the James Joyce award but concedes he 's no literary expert .
1	(he; appeared; ready to dispense with opinion)	he	appeared	ready to dispense with opinion	By the time Clinton had been in office for eight months he appeared ready to dispense with opinion and thought entirely .
1	(he; arrives; to vote in the Rebecca lobo of Griffith in Brisbane)	he	arrives	to vote in the Rebecca lobo of Griffith in Brisbane	Labor Party leader Kevin Rudd faces the media as he arrives to vote in the Rebecca lobo of Griffith in Brisbane .
1	(he; followed; the profession of his father)	he	followed	the profession of his father	Socrates was born in Athens about 469 BC In his early life he followed the profession of his father , who was a sculptor .
1	(he; hates; the sim)	he	hates	the sim	However please know that Christ loves the Sinner , but he hates the sim .
1	(he; so did n't have to pick up; my book)	he	so did n't have to pick up	my book	The repairman came late today before Chris left for work , so he did n't have time to go by and pick up my book .
1	(he; so did n't have; time to go by and pick up my book)	he	so did n't have	time to go by and pick up my book	The repairman came late today before Chris left for work , so he did n't have time to go by and pick up my book .
1	(he; spoke; at the convention)	he	spoke	at the convention	Let 's see , Arnold was governor before he spoke at the convention ; he was elected in November 2003 .
1	(he; spoke; in November 2003)	he	spoke	in November 2003	Let 's see , Arnold was governor before he spoke at the convention ; he was elected in November 2003 .
1	(he; to dispense; with opinion)	he	to dispense	with opinion	By the time Clinton had been in office for eight months he appeared ready to dispense with opinion and thought entirely .
1	(he; to vote in the Rebecca lobo of Griffith; in Brisbane)	he	to vote in the Rebecca lobo of Griffith	in Brisbane	Labor Party leader Kevin Rudd faces the media as he arrives to vote in the Rebecca lobo of Griffith in Brisbane .
1	(he; was elected; in November 2003)	he	was elected	in November 2003	Let 's see , Arnold was governor before he spoke at the convention ; he was elected in November 2003 .
1	(he; was fighting; at the Battle of Milvian Bridge)	he	was fighting	at the Battle of Milvian Bridge	Before Constantine became Emperor , he was fighting for the throne at the Battle of Milvian Bridge .
1	(he; was fighting; for the throne)	he	was fighting	for the throne	Before Constantine became Emperor , he was fighting for the throne at the Battle of Milvian Bridge .
1	(he; will give him; all of the kingdoms of the world)	he	will give him	all of the kingdoms of the world	Satan tells Jesus that he will give him all of the kingdoms of the world , if he will bow down and worship him .
1	(he; will not be to be; a good father)	he	will not be to be	a good father	Finally Fiona tells Shrek that she is indeed pregnant , Shrek begins to have nightmares and fears that he will not be able to be a good father .
1	(he; will not be; able to be a good father)	he	will not be	able to be a good father	Finally Fiona tells Shrek that she is indeed pregnant , Shrek begins to have nightmares and fears that he will not be able to be a good father .
1	(heaven; 's just; too far)	heaven	's just	too far	And if he could , he 'd be here , but heaven 's just too far You see he was a firefighter and died just this past year When airplanes hit the towers and taught Americans to fear .
1	(his father; was; a sculptor)	his father	was	a sculptor	Socrates was born in Athens about 469 BC In his early life he followed the profession of his father , who was a sculptor .
1	(his joy in Christ; was; contagious)	his joy in Christ	was	contagious	Though Paul was a prisoner when he wrote his letter to the Philippians , his joy in Christ was contagious .
1	(his name; was; Richmond Fontaine)	his name	was	Richmond Fontaine	He and Dave became friends , his name was Richmond Fontaine .
1	(his party; was; the only major party effectively functioning in the United States on the national level)	his party	was	the only major party effectively functioning in the United States on the national level	When Andrew Jackson was elected president in 1828 , his party was the only major party effectively functioning in the United States on the national level .
1	(his response; was to fall; into the arms of a new mistress-Hollywood)	his response	was to fall	into the arms of a new mistress-Hollywood	When Tom Ford left Gucci in one of fashion 's biggest break-ups ever , his response was to fall into the arms of a new mistress-Hollywood .
1	(his response; was; to fall into the arms of a new mistress-Hollywood)	his response	was	to fall into the arms of a new mistress-Hollywood	When Tom Ford left Gucci in one of fashion 's biggest break-ups ever , his response was to fall into the arms of a new mistress-Hollywood .
1	(his stepdaughters; died; while he was casting a spell)	his stepdaughters	died	while he was casting a spell	Harris told police his stepdaughters died while he was casting a spell that had gone bad .
1	(husbands; are to be; imitators of Christ)	husbands	are to be	imitators of Christ	For that is the way Christ loved the church , and husbands , like their wives , are to be imitators of Christ .
1	(husbands; are; to be imitators of Christ)	husbands	are	to be imitators of Christ	For that is the way Christ loved the church , and husbands , like their wives , are to be imitators of Christ .
1	(i; did n't know; how dominant that part might be- that thirsted for my blood)	i	did n't know	how dominant that part might be- that thirsted for my blood	First , Edward was a vampire Second , there was a part of him-and i did n't know how dominant that part might be- that thirsted for my blood .
1	(in all honesty music; is; the ONL Y thing)	in all honesty music	is	the ONL Y thing	This may seem corny but in all honesty music is the ONL Y thing that makes sense anymore .
1	(it; fell; short of its quota of troops)	it	fell	short of its quota of troops	Although Maryland remained in the Union , it routinely fell short of its quota of troops for the federal cause .
1	(it; got; a laugh)	it	got	a laugh	Im not terribly bothered by this one-itsa bit aggressive , but it got a laugh , and McCain answered the question , unlike Bush , who jokes and evades questions .
1	(it; is said to be; particularly helpful for diabetics)	it	is said to be	particularly helpful for diabetics	Stevia has been used for centuries without adverse reactions and it is said to be particularly helpful for diabetics .
1	(it; sa; truly great collection and a must for Valiant fans)	it	sa	truly great collection and a must for Valiant fans	Ive seen this book and it sa truly great collection and a must for Valiant fans .
1	(it; turns out; that I misread one of the questions , so now Ron Paul is in the lead)	it	turns out	that I misread one of the questions , so now Ron Paul is in the lead	Oops , it turns out that I misread one of the questions , so now Ron Paul is in the lead .
1	(just such an appreciation; had; in mind)	just such an appreciation	had	in mind	It is just such an appreciation that Nietzsche had in mind , I believe , as a this-worldly comfort that could be learned .
1	(licensed copies of their software; allowing; nonprofits to purchase them inexpensively)	licensed copies of their software	allowing	nonprofits to purchase them inexpensively	Companies like Microsoft donate licensed copies of their software allowing nonprofits to purchase them inexpensively .
1	(life; exists; on Mars)	life	exists	on Mars	They do not want Earthlings to know that life exists on Mars .
1	(most people; thought; that Saddam ruled with an iron fist)	most people	thought	that Saddam ruled with an iron fist	And most people thought that Saddam ruled with an iron fist !
1	(much of the country; fled; to Peshawar)	much of the country	fled	to Peshawar	Nine years ago , as the Taliban took control of Kabul and much of the country , Fariba , a married mother of three , fled with her family to Peshawar in Pakistan .
1	(my first question; was; about the bass)	my first question	was	about the bass	When Alan got home , my first question was about the bass .
1	(my guitar; took almost 2 yrs; from order)	my guitar	took almost 2 yrs	from order	Only downside is that Paul is in demand , my guitar took almost 2 yrs from order to delivery so check the schedule with him .
1	(my guitar; took almost 2 yrs; so check the schedule with him)	my guitar	took almost 2 yrs	so check the schedule with him	Only downside is that Paul is in demand , my guitar took almost 2 yrs from order to delivery so check the schedule with him .
1	(my limited influence; will help to precipitate; some steps)	my limited influence	will help to precipitate	some steps	Carter went on to say , Israel needs peace and the Palestinian people need peace and justice and I hope my limited influence will help to precipitate some steps .
1	(my limited influence; will help; to precipitate some steps)	my limited influence	will help	to precipitate some steps	Carter went on to say , Israel needs peace and the Palestinian people need peace and justice and I hope my limited influence will help to precipitate some steps .
1	(my name; is; Ivan)	my name	is	Ivan	Oops I am sorry I forget to present myself my name is Ivan and I am from Bulgaria .
1	(my prepubescent world; was turned; upside-down)	my prepubescent world	was turned	upside-down	When David Lee Roth left Van Halen for the first time in 1985 , my prepubescent world was turned upside-down .
1	(no one; believes; Europe will run the 21st century)	no one	believes	Europe will run the 21st century	The title of this book is misleading because no one believes Europe will run the 21st century , including the author himself .
1	(nothing good; lives; in me)	nothing good	lives	in me	First of all lets have a look at what Paul wrote in Romans 7:18 I know that nothing good lives in me , that is , in my sinful nature .
1	(nothing; beats; a live performance)	nothing	beats	a live performance	For true alternative music fans , nothing beats a live performance , and Ted Leo &amp; the Pharmacists always puts on a good show .
1	(nothing; can change; that)	nothing	can change	that	Jesus Christ is my Lord and Savior , and nothing can change that .
1	(one; when considers; that the Eiffel Tower is the monumentore resources NY marriage Visa)	one	when considers	that the Eiffel Tower is the monumentore resources NY marriage Visa	It 's not tim masters when one considers that the Eiffel Tower is the monumentore resources NY marriage Visa .
1	(only one; is; pro-hillary clinton)	only one	is	pro-hillary clinton	Thirdly , if you think Clinton is leading in the polls , out of the current 17 comments , only one is pro-hillary clinton .
1	(opponents; trying to weaken; my support in Jewish communities)	opponents	trying to weaken	my support in Jewish communities	Betz , Haaretz reports today , Obama : opponents trying to weaken my support in Jewish communities .
1	(opponents; trying; to weaken my support in Jewish communities)	opponents	trying	to weaken my support in Jewish communities	Betz , Haaretz reports today , Obama : opponents trying to weaken my support in Jewish communities .
1	(our emphasis on fashionnot; makes; us a style leader)	our emphasis on fashionnot	makes	us a style leader	Lane Bryant is the most recognized name in plus-size clothing , and our emphasis on fashionnot merely size makes us a style leader .
1	(parents; had at least one child; between 4 and 8 years of age)	parents	had at least one child	between 4 and 8 years of age	Interviews were conducted in Spanish with parents who identified themselves as Latino and had at least one child between 4 and 8 years of age .
1	(parents; identified themselves; as Latino)	parents	identified themselves	as Latino	Interviews were conducted in Spanish with parents who identified themselves as Latino and had at least one child between 4 and 8 years of age .
1	(parents; to discuss the Internet; with their children)	parents	to discuss the Internet	with their children	Sysconv ltd encourages parents to discuss the Internet with their children and monitor personal information that a child may provide via the Internet .
1	(parents; to monitor; personal information that a child may provide via the Internet)	parents	to monitor	personal information that a child may provide via the Internet	Sysconv ltd encourages parents to discuss the Internet with their children and monitor personal information that a child may provide via the Internet .
1	(people; hate; Israel)	people	hate	Israel	There are people who hate Israel .
1	(people; hate; Kobe)	people	hate	Kobe	If this was the argument I continually heard for why people hate Kobe , then I could understand that , but IMO I do n't hear it used hardly ever .
1	(people; know; English)	people	know	English	I admire people who know English .
1	(people; like the calf head sound; in the studio)	people	like the calf head sound	in the studio	Ive worked with people who like the calf head sound in the studio , but that s just too hard to control on the road , and theyre just not dependable .
1	(people; live; in North America)	people	live	in North America	It is the time that the sun is directly over the equator and for people who live in North America , it 's the first day of fall .
1	(people; say; that Brett Farve is the best player to ever play QB , and Ive also heard people say that Mike Vick is the best player)	people	say	that Brett Farve is the best player to ever play QB , and Ive also heard people say that Mike Vick is the best player	Ive heard people say that Brett Farve is the best player to ever play QB , and Ive also heard people say that Mike Vick is the best player to ever play QB.
1	(people; should not eat; Peter Pan)	people	should not eat	Peter Pan	Because of a possible association with Salmonella , the FDA has issued a warning that people should not eat Peter Pan .
1	(players; to partake; in intense team battles)	players	to partake	in intense team battles	Multiplayer modes add to the value of Lost Planet by allowing players to partake in intense team battles via Xbox Live online game service .
1	(sellers; to add a handling charge too; to this)	sellers	to add a handling charge too	to this	Ebay allow sellers to charge for both postage and packaging and also add a handling charge to this too .
1	(sellers; to charge; for both postage and packaging)	sellers	to charge	for both postage and packaging	Ebay allow sellers to charge for both postage and packaging and also add a handling charge to this too .
1	(she; could marry; EJ)	she	could marry	EJ	In mid - October 2007 , even though she insists she loves Lucas , Sami asked Lucas for a divorce so that she could marry EJ and end the feud between the Bradys and the Dimera .
1	(she; died; when Leia was very young)	she	died	when Leia was very young	Entry When Luke asks Leia if she remembers her real mother , she says yes , and that she died when Leia was very young .
1	(she; end; the feud between the Bradys and the Dimera)	she	end	the feud between the Bradys and the Dimera	In mid - October 2007 , even though she insists she loves Lucas , Sami asked Lucas for a divorce so that she could marry EJ and end the feud between the Bradys and the Dimera .
1	(she; even insists; she loves Lucas)	she	even insists	she loves Lucas	In mid - October 2007 , even though she insists she loves Lucas , Sami asked Lucas for a divorce so that she could marry EJ and end the feud between the Bradys and the Dimera .
1	(she; is indeed; pregnant)	she	is indeed	pregnant	Finally Fiona tells Shrek that she is indeed pregnant , Shrek begins to have nightmares and fears that he will not be able to be a good father .
1	(she; looked AMAZING; on New Years)	she	looked AMAZING	on New Years	I noticed that in Brody 's absence , Spencer told Heidi that she looked AMAZING on New Years .
1	(she; loves; Lucas)	she	loves	Lucas	In mid - October 2007 , even though she insists she loves Lucas , Sami asked Lucas for a divorce so that she could marry EJ and end the feud between the Bradys and the Dimera .
1	(she; said; it would take lots of stamps to get the letter all the way to heaven)	she	said	it would take lots of stamps to get the letter all the way to heaven	Then Meredith pasted several stamps on the front of the envelope Because she said it would take lots of stamps to get the letter all the way to heaven .
1	(she; says; Christmas is at my house and Thanksgiving is at Sharyl 's)	she	says	Christmas is at my house and Thanksgiving is at Sharyl 's	This year , she says , Christmas is at my house and Thanksgiving is at Sharyl 's .
1	(she; sent a gift from abroad; to her friend 's son)	she	sent a gift from abroad	to her friend 's son	Little did Laura know when she sent a gift from abroad to her friend 's son where these little shoes would take the threesome .
1	(single men; made; better soldiers than married men)	single men	made	better soldiers than married men	In the 3rd century when Rome was in power , Claudius I I decided that single men made better soldiers than married men .
1	(soldiers; die; in Iraq)	soldiers	die	in Iraq	They also picket the funerals of soldiers who die in Iraq , and considered Hurricane Katrina a blessing from god .
1	(soldiers; will be; responsible for what they have done)	soldiers	will be	responsible for what they have done	You must understand that soldiers will be responsible for what they have done , Thaksin told reporters Thursday .
1	(some Republicans; are having; second thoughts)	some Republicans	are having	second thoughts	The Washington Post reported last week that some Republicans are having second thoughts .
1	(students; speak; languages other than English)	students	speak	languages other than English	English as a Second Language classes provide instruction to students who speak languages other than English .
1	(that photograph; was taken; in 1993)	that photograph	was taken	in 1993	In fact , that photograph was taken in 1993 , when Kerry went to Vietnam as part of an official US delegation pursuing the POW/MIA issue .
1	(the 2nd bedroom; has; 2 twin beds)	the 2nd bedroom	has	2 twin beds	The master bedroom contains one king bed , while the 2nd bedroom has 2 twin beds .
1	(the ACLU; filed a lawsuit; accusing the agency of improperly withholding documents about racial profiling)	the ACLU	filed a lawsuit	accusing the agency of improperly withholding documents about racial profiling	As part of the litigation , the ACLU filed a lawsuit earlier this year accusing the agency of improperly withholding documents about racial profiling .
1	(the ACLU; filed a lawsuit; earlier this year)	the ACLU	filed a lawsuit	earlier this year	As part of the litigation , the ACLU filed a lawsuit earlier this year accusing the agency of improperly withholding documents about racial profiling .
1	(the ACLU; filed accusing the agency; of improperly withholding documents about racial profiling)	the ACLU	filed accusing the agency	of improperly withholding documents about racial profiling	As part of the litigation , the ACLU filed a lawsuit earlier this year accusing the agency of improperly withholding documents about racial profiling .
1	(the Caribbean; where meets; the Atlantic)	the Caribbean	where meets	the Atlantic	BV I Scuba The British Virgin Islands are volcanic outcrops of a vast underwater plateau that stretches for more than 70 miles where the Caribbean meets the Atlantic .
1	(the Colts; beat; the Jaguars)	the Colts	beat	the Jaguars	Avenging their most unpleasant NFL game loss last season , the Colts beat the Jaguars with their most heavy tricks and strength players , putting them in a hurry almost all the time .
1	(the Colts; win; the Super Bowl)	the Colts	win	the Super Bowl	This past baseball season the Tigers were American League Champions and went to the World Series , and now the Colts do one better and win the Super Bowl .
1	(the Columbia River; meets; the Pacific Ocean)	the Columbia River	meets	the Pacific Ocean	Rogue Ales Public House , Astoria , located where the Columbia River meets the Pacific Ocean , got a first hand look at the power of the Pacific when winds hit 126 miles per hour on Dec. 3 .
1	(the County Manager; may sign; the approved plat)	the County Manager	may sign	the approved plat	If , after such hearing the Planning Commission approves the project , the County Manager may sign the approved plat .
1	(the Democrats; that lost control of Congress; in 1994)	the Democrats	that lost control of Congress	in 1994	Part of the reason that the Democrats lost control of Congress in 1994 , and the GOP lost it in 2006 , was the arrogance of the party leaders .
1	(the Democrats; to pick up; Congressional seats)	the Democrats	to pick up	Congressional seats	But I do expect the Democrats to pick up Congressional seats and think they have a good chance for the presidency , mostly because the Republicans are in disarray and their fundraising is not keeping pace with their opponents .
1	(the Democrats; to think; they have a good chance for the presidency)	the Democrats	to think	they have a good chance for the presidency	But I do expect the Democrats to pick up Congressional seats and think they have a good chance for the presidency , mostly because the Republicans are in disarray and their fundraising is not keeping pace with their opponents .
1	(the Democrats; won; majorities)	the Democrats	won	majorities	I believe the Democrats won majorities largely on the basis of dissatisfaction with Republicans who acted like Democrats in terms of spending , deal-making and corruption .
1	(the Europeans; came; to the Americas)	the Europeans	came	to the Americas	So when the Europeans came to the Americas , for example , they unknowlingly brought all their lethal germs with them .
1	(the FBI; arrived; on the scene)	the FBI	arrived	on the scene	Within 30 minutes , the FBI arrived on the scene and pretty much took charge of the situation .
1	(the FBI; pretty much took; charge of the situation)	the FBI	pretty much took	charge of the situation	Within 30 minutes , the FBI arrived on the scene and pretty much took charge of the situation .
1	(the FDA; announced; plans to review a study of its controversial cholesterol-lowering drug Vytorin that the agency had approved)	the FDA	announced	plans to review a study of its controversial cholesterol-lowering drug Vytorin that the agency had approved	The stock has recently been cut in half , and it went down again on Friday after the FDA announced plans to review a study of its controversial cholesterol-lowering drug Vytorin that the agency had approved .
1	(the FDA; has issued; a warning that people should not eat Peter Pan)	the FDA	has issued	a warning that people should not eat Peter Pan	Because of a possible association with Salmonella , the FDA has issued a warning that people should not eat Peter Pan .
1	(the FDA; took to stop three New York physicians; from using the injectable silicone as a treatment for wrinkles)	the FDA	took to stop three New York physicians	from using the injectable silicone as a treatment for wrinkles	In 1992 , the FDA took action to stop three New York physicians from using the injectable silicone as a treatment for wrinkles .
1	(the FDA; took; action)	the FDA	took	action	In 1992 , the FDA took action to stop three New York physicians from using the injectable silicone as a treatment for wrinkles .
1	(the GOP; lost it; in 2006)	the GOP	lost it	in 2006	Part of the reason that the Democrats lost control of Congress in 1994 , and the GOP lost it in 2006 , was the arrogance of the party leaders .
1	(the Hezbollah; are; Shia)	the Hezbollah	are	Shia	The Hamas are Sunni and the Hezbollah are Shia .
1	(the Internet; was the wave of; the future)	the Internet	was the wave of	the future	Back in 2000 , everyone knew that the Internet was the wave of the future .
1	(the Internet; was; the wave of the future)	the Internet	was	the wave of the future	Back in 2000 , everyone knew that the Internet was the wave of the future .
1	(the Israelites; offerings; as presented in Table 1 below)	the Israelites	offerings	as presented in Table 1 below	In observing the Sabbath , the Lord commanded the Israelites to make offerings as presented in Table 1 below .
1	(the Japanese; moved quickly; to take military control of French colonies in Indochina)	the Japanese	moved quickly	to take military control of French colonies in Indochina	When France fell to Germany , the Japanese moved quickly to take military control of French colonies in Indochina .
1	(the Japanese; to take military control of French colonies; in Indochina)	the Japanese	to take military control of French colonies	in Indochina	When France fell to Germany , the Japanese moved quickly to take military control of French colonies in Indochina .
1	(the Jews; run; Hollywood)	the Jews	run	Hollywood	I hope Gibson really believes that the Jews run Hollywood so that he 's REALLY shitting some holy bricks over this all getting out .
1	(the Jews; thought; John was Elijah come again)	the Jews	thought	John was Elijah come again	This is why the Jews thought John was Elijah come again , because He said he was preparing the way for the LORD in fulfillment of Isaiah 40:3.
1	(the Knicks; defeated them; in five games)	the Knicks	defeated them	in five games	The following bladez moby sport 33cc gas scooter , the Knicks turned the tables on the Lakers and defeated them in five games to sprint layoffs their second NBA Championship in three years .
1	(the Knicks; turned; the tables)	the Knicks	turned	the tables	The following bladez moby sport 33cc gas scooter , the Knicks turned the tables on the Lakers and defeated them in five games to sprint layoffs their second NBA Championship in three years .
1	(the LORD; to swallow up; Jonah)	the LORD	to swallow up	Jonah	I Like this quote I dislike this quote Now the LORD had prepared a great fish to swallow up Jonah .
1	(the Labour Government; came to; power)	the Labour Government	came to	power	When the Labour Government came to power in 1984 the key strategy adopted for producing an internationally competitive economy , was increasing competition .
1	(the Levites; were not numbered; among the people of Israel)	the Levites	were not numbered	among the people of Israel	But the Levites were not numbered among the people of Israel , as The Lord commanded Moses .
1	(the Lord Jesus Christ; committed two ORDINANCES; to the church)	the Lord Jesus Christ	committed two ORDINANCES	to the church	WE BELIEVE that the Lord Jesus Christ committed two ORDINANCES to the church , Baptism and the Lord 's Supper .
1	(the Lord; commanded the Israelites; to make offerings as presented in Table 1 below)	the Lord	commanded the Israelites	to make offerings as presented in Table 1 below	In observing the Sabbath , the Lord commanded the Israelites to make offerings as presented in Table 1 below .
1	(the Mavericks; beat New Orleans 105-89; Tuesday night)	the Mavericks	beat New Orleans 105-89	Tuesday night	Josh Howard had 25 points and 10 rebounds , and the Mavericks beat New Orleans 105-89 Tuesday night for their 21st straight victory over the Hornets .
1	(the Mavericks; beat New Orleans 105-89; for their 21st straight victory over the Hornets)	the Mavericks	beat New Orleans 105-89	for their 21st straight victory over the Hornets	Josh Howard had 25 points and 10 rebounds , and the Mavericks beat New Orleans 105-89 Tuesday night for their 21st straight victory over the Hornets .
1	(the Medicis; began consolidating; power)	the Medicis	began consolidating	power	In the latter part of the Britney spears obituary century the Medicis began consolidating power , mary mccormick becoming bankers to the papacy .
1	(the Medicis; began; consolidating power , mary mccormick becoming bankers to the papacy)	the Medicis	began	consolidating power , mary mccormick becoming bankers to the papacy	In the latter part of the Britney spears obituary century the Medicis began consolidating power , mary mccormick becoming bankers to the papacy .
1	(the Palestinian people; need; peace and justice)	the Palestinian people	need	peace and justice	Carter went on to say , Israel needs peace and the Palestinian people need peace and justice and I hope my limited influence will help to precipitate some steps .
1	(the Pats; played; the Colts)	the Pats	played	the Colts	Where was mika when the Pats played the Colts .
1	(the Pharmacists; puts; on a good show)	the Pharmacists	puts	on a good show	For true alternative music fans , nothing beats a live performance , and Ted Leo &amp; the Pharmacists always puts on a good show .
1	(the Philippines; is; a tropical country and it is common for shirts)	the Philippines	is	a tropical country and it is common for shirts	Thirdly , the Philippines is a tropical country and it is common for shirts worn untucked because of the hot climate .
1	(the Planning Commission; approves; the project)	the Planning Commission	approves	the project	If , after such hearing the Planning Commission approves the project , the County Manager may sign the approved plat .
1	(the Pope; to proclaim; that Mary is Co-Redemptrix)	the Pope	to proclaim	that Mary is Co-Redemptrix	She is trying to get the Pope to proclaim that Mary is Co-Redemptrix .
1	(the President; to take the necessary measured force; to protect American involvement)	the President	to take the necessary measured force	to protect American involvement	When Congress passed the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution in August 1964 it gave the President the authority to take the necessary measured force to protect American involvement .
1	(the Republicans; mostly are; in disarray)	the Republicans	mostly are	in disarray	But I do expect the Democrats to pick up Congressional seats and think they have a good chance for the presidency , mostly because the Republicans are in disarray and their fundraising is not keeping pace with their opponents .
1	(the Romans; built; a fort)	the Romans	built	a fort	With the local tribes promptly subdued , the Romans built a fort and waited for the arrival of Claudius .
1	(the Romans; waited; for the arrival of Claudius)	the Romans	waited	for the arrival of Claudius	With the local tribes promptly subdued , the Romans built a fort and waited for the arrival of Claudius .
1	(the Sheenjek River basin; was included; in a presidential executive order)	the Sheenjek River basin	was included	in a presidential executive order	Soon after , Alaska became a state , and in 1960 the Sheenjek River basin was included in a presidential executive order .
1	(the Solomon Amendment; regulates; conduct)	the Solomon Amendment	regulates	conduct	As a general matter , the Solomon Amendment regulates conduct , not speech .
1	(the Taliban; took; control of Kabul)	the Taliban	took	control of Kabul	Nine years ago , as the Taliban took control of Kabul and much of the country , Fariba , a married mother of three , fled with her family to Peshawar in Pakistan .
1	(the Tigers; were; American League Champions)	the Tigers	were	American League Champions	This past baseball season the Tigers were American League Champions and went to the World Series , and now the Colts do one better and win the Super Bowl .
1	(the Timberwolves; have lost; nine of the last 10 road games)	the Timberwolves	have lost	nine of the last 10 road games	Craig Smith scored 30 points and grabbed 10 rebounds and Al Jefferson had 23 points and 15 rebounds for the Timberwolves who have lost nine of the last 10 road games .
1	(the UK government; manages; Britain 's aid)	the UK government	manages	Britain 's aid	The Department for International Development is the part of the UK government that manages Britain 's aid to poor countries and works to eradicate extreme poverty .
1	(the UK government; works to eradicate; extreme poverty)	the UK government	works to eradicate	extreme poverty	The Department for International Development is the part of the UK government that manages Britain 's aid to poor countries and works to eradicate extreme poverty .
1	(the UK government; works; to eradicate extreme poverty)	the UK government	works	to eradicate extreme poverty	The Department for International Development is the part of the UK government that manages Britain 's aid to poor countries and works to eradicate extreme poverty .
1	(the UK; has; nukes)	the UK	has	nukes	Further to this point , France has nukes , the UK has nukes .
1	(the UN; created; Israel)	the UN	created	Israel	When the UN created Israel they defined a specific geographical area for their nation and the remaining lands were to be for the establishment of an independent Arab nation with Jerusalem being an open city under neither nations control .
1	(the US; When bought Alaska; from Russia)	the US	When bought Alaska	from Russia	When the US bought Alaska from Russia in 1867 , the purchase price came to two cents an acre !
1	(the US; When bought Alaska; in 1867)	the US	When bought Alaska	in 1867	When the US bought Alaska from Russia in 1867 , the purchase price came to two cents an acre !
1	(the US; bought Alaska; from Russia)	the US	bought Alaska	from Russia	When the US bought Alaska from Russia in 1867 , the purchase price came to two cents an acre !
1	(the US; bought Alaska; in 1867)	the US	bought Alaska	in 1867	When the US bought Alaska from Russia in 1867 , the purchase price came to two cents an acre !
1	(the US; had lost; the war in Iraq)	the US	had lost	the war in Iraq	Senate leader Harry Reid recently announced that the US had lost the war in Iraq .
1	(the US; to leave; a single political unit)	the US	to leave	a single political unit	The second reality is that Iraq already is at least two countries ; the US is not going to leave behind a single political unit in what today is Iraq .
1	(the US; to leave; behind)	the US	to leave	behind	The second reality is that Iraq already is at least two countries ; the US is not going to leave behind a single political unit in what today is Iraq .
1	(the US; to leave; in what today is Iraq)	the US	to leave	in what today is Iraq	The second reality is that Iraq already is at least two countries ; the US is not going to leave behind a single political unit in what today is Iraq .
1	(the United States; is; the aggressor and)	the United States	is	the aggressor and	In their view , the United States is the aggressor and Saddam Hussein is a Muslim victim .
1	(the United States; took steps; to remove nuclear weapons from its operational ground forces and fleets throughout the world)	the United States	took steps	to remove nuclear weapons from its operational ground forces and fleets throughout the world	In 1991 , the United States took steps to remove nuclear weapons from its operational ground forces and fleets throughout the world .
1	(the United States; was; in the lead)	the United States	was	in the lead	At last glance , the United States was in the lead , and Germany was running a close second .
1	(the Wi-Fi ZONE logo; are trademarks of; the Wi-Fi Alliance)	the Wi-Fi ZONE logo	are trademarks of	the Wi-Fi Alliance	Wi-Fi and the Wi-Fi logo are registered trademarks of the Wi-Fi Alliance ; and Wi-Fi ZONE , the Wi-Fi CERTIFIED logo , the Wi-Fi Alliance logo and the Wi-Fi ZONE logo are trademarks of the Wi-Fi Alliance .
1	(the Windows Vista Start button; are; trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the United States)	the Windows Vista Start button	are	trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the United States	For the Certified for Windows Vista Logo : Windows Vista and the Windows Vista Start button are trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries .
1	(the band; finds; its plans for the day)	the band	finds	its plans for the day	The highlight of the DVD occurs while the band is in Europe and finds its plans for the day cancelled .
1	(the bartender; was; a good guy)	the bartender	was	a good guy	Chris , the bartender was a good guy .
1	(the best player; to play; QB)	the best player	to play	QB	Ive heard people say that Brett Farve is the best player to ever play QB , and Ive also heard people say that Mike Vick is the best player to ever play QB.
1	(the book; When was published; in Germany)	the book	When was published	in Germany	As Dr Richard Kilminster , another Leeds sociologist colleague , explains : When the book was published in Germany , it caused a sensation .
1	(the book; was published; in Germany)	the book	was published	in Germany	As Dr Richard Kilminster , another Leeds sociologist colleague , explains : When the book was published in Germany , it caused a sensation .
1	(the bread and wine; are the body and blood of; Christ)	the bread and wine	are the body and blood of	Christ	Eucharist-The elements of the communion supper where the bread and wine are the body and blood of Christ .
1	(the bread and wine; are; the body and blood of Christ)	the bread and wine	are	the body and blood of Christ	Eucharist-The elements of the communion supper where the bread and wine are the body and blood of Christ .
1	(the centurion; to beg; on behalf of a beloved servant)	the centurion	to beg	on behalf of a beloved servant	In that passage , Luke 7:1-10 , the centurion comes to Jesus to beg on behalf of a beloved servant who is close to death .
1	(the city; is; London)	the city	is	London	The year is 2027 ; the city is London .
1	(the college admission process; is a walk in; the park)	the college admission process	is a walk in	the park	Ive posted the video below but want you to know that after this experience , I can tell you the college admission process is a walk in the park .
1	(the college admission process; is; a walk in the park)	the college admission process	is	a walk in the park	Ive posted the video below but want you to know that after this experience , I can tell you the college admission process is a walk in the park .
1	(the companies; had; these fabulous cultures)	the companies	had	these fabulous cultures	Ive read comments from say Ruby where , you know theres this kind of Tolkeinesque period of web development in which we were all creative and happy and the companies were idyllic and had these fabulous cultures .
1	(the companies; where had; these fabulous cultures)	the companies	where had	these fabulous cultures	Ive read comments from say Ruby where , you know theres this kind of Tolkeinesque period of web development in which we were all creative and happy and the companies were idyllic and had these fabulous cultures .
1	(the company; is headquartered; in Spokane , Washington)	the company	is headquartered	in Spokane , Washington	Founded in 1977 , the company is headquartered in Spokane , Washington .
1	(the countries; were; China , India , Indonesia , Bangladesh , Pakistan , Nepal and the Philippines)	the countries	were	China , India , Indonesia , Bangladesh , Pakistan , Nepal and the Philippines	In Phase-II from 1989-1992 , the countries included , were China , India , Indonesia , Bangladesh , Pakistan , Nepal and the Philippines .
1	(the couple; have; three children)	the couple	have	three children	He is married to Donna , and the couple have three children , Ruth , Anna , and Samuel .
1	(the deadline; is; December 15)	the deadline	is	December 15	But hurry , the deadline is December 15 !
1	(the debate; was a major success for; Hillary)	the debate	was a major success for	Hillary	Ive read in some places that the debate was a major success for Hillary and other places that she totally bombed .
1	(the debate; was; a major success for Hillary and other places)	the debate	was	a major success for Hillary and other places	Ive read in some places that the debate was a major success for Hillary and other places that she totally bombed .
1	(the device; runs Windows Mobile and Windows Vista; at the same time)	the device	runs Windows Mobile and Windows Vista	at the same time	If it indeed has both it implies the device runs Windows Mobile and Windows Vista at the same time , which would certainly be interesting .
1	(the electronics industry; was changed; forever)	the electronics industry	was changed	forever	When RoHS went into effect in the European Union , the electronics industry was changed forever .
1	(the family; moved; to Spain)	the family	moved	to Spain	She studied at RVAS , a boarding school in Southern Oregon , until the 5th grade , when the family moved to Spain .
1	(the firm; has; offices in California , New York , London , and Brussels)	the firm	has	offices in California , New York , London , and Brussels	Based in Washington , DC , the firm also has offices in California , New York , London , and Brussels .
1	(the first Ride Of Silence in Dallas after endurance cyclist Larry Schwartz; was hit; by the mirror of a passing bus)	the first Ride Of Silence in Dallas after endurance cyclist Larry Schwartz	was hit	by the mirror of a passing bus	Chris Phelan organized the first Ride Of Silence in Dallas after endurance cyclist Larry Schwartz was hit by the mirror of a passing bus and was killed .
1	(the first country; requiring hepatitis B vaccination; for schoolchildren)	the first country	requiring hepatitis B vaccination	for schoolchildren	In 1998 , France became the first country to stop requiring hepatitis B vaccination for schoolchildren .
1	(the former American administrations; had; programs for helping to dismantle some of the weapons from the former Soviet Union)	the former American administrations	had	programs for helping to dismantle some of the weapons from the former Soviet Union	So I dont think the problem is Iran as much as the existence of the weapons , and the former American administrations had programs for helping to dismantle some of the weapons from the former Soviet Union .
1	(the full Moon; will be; in the solar 7th House opposite Capricorn)	the full Moon	will be	in the solar 7th House opposite Capricorn	Jupiter is in opposition to Mars , and the full Moon will be in the solar 7th House opposite Capricorn .
1	(the gifted stylists; make up; the John Frieda team)	the gifted stylists	make up	the John Frieda team	Hair Stylists Get to know the gifted stylists who make up the John Frieda team .
1	(the girl; played; Sarah)	the girl	played	Sarah	And the girl who played Sarah was a very strong actress and obvioulsy has a strong voice , but not that well suited to the soprano range in some of the songs .
1	(the guy; met; when you wanted to be introduced to Ranger baseball)	the guy	met	when you wanted to be introduced to Ranger baseball	George was the guy that you met when you wanted to be introduced to Ranger baseball .
1	(the heart; is; what can make unlikely things happen)	the heart	is	what can make unlikely things happen	Now after seeing Venus Williams win Wimbledon , I know that the heart is what can make unlikely things happen .
1	(the house of Jacob from a people of strange language; was; his sanctuary)	the house of Jacob from a people of strange language	was	his sanctuary	When Israel went out of Egypt , the house of Jacob from a people of strange language ; Judah was his sanctuary , and Israel his dominion .
1	(the intelligence services; had never said; Saddam Hussein was an imminent threat but stood by warnings about the future danger)	the intelligence services	had never said	Saddam Hussein was an imminent threat but stood by warnings about the future danger	He said the intelligence services had never said Saddam Hussein was an imminent threat but stood by warnings about the future danger he could pose .
1	(the interface; even was at; every page change)	the interface	even was at	every page change	We had to consistently decline , even though the interface was in English at every page change .
1	(the interface; even was in; English)	the interface	even was in	English	We had to consistently decline , even though the interface was in English at every page change .
1	(the key strategy adopted for producing an internationally competitive economy; was increasing competition in; 1984)	the key strategy adopted for producing an internationally competitive economy	was increasing competition in	1984	When the Labour Government came to power in 1984 the key strategy adopted for producing an internationally competitive economy , was increasing competition .
1	(the key strategy adopted for producing an internationally competitive economy; was increasing; competition)	the key strategy adopted for producing an internationally competitive economy	was increasing	competition	When the Labour Government came to power in 1984 the key strategy adopted for producing an internationally competitive economy , was increasing competition .
1	(the kitchen dresser; was used; in old New England days)	the kitchen dresser	was used	in old New England days	They were used much as we use a serving-table , or as ww the kitchen dresser was used in old New England days .
1	(the last American troops; left; Vietnam and all known prisoners of war)	the last American troops	left	Vietnam and all known prisoners of war	By early April the last American troops left Vietnam and all known prisoners of war were released .
1	(the law; brings; the knowledge of sin)	the law	brings	the knowledge of sin	E Augustines evidence is that Paul says that the law brings the knowledge of sin , and therefore Paul has in view the moral law .
1	(the laws of the Province of Ontario and all claims; concerning; this Agreement shall be brought exclusively in the provincial court)	the laws of the Province of Ontario and all claims	concerning	this Agreement shall be brought exclusively in the provincial court	This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario and all claims concerning this Agreement shall be brought exclusively in the provincial court located in the Province of Ontario .
1	(the main transmission period; is; between July and December)	the main transmission period	is	between July and December	Malaria is holoendemic but highly seasonal in the study area ; the rainy season lasts from July until October and the main transmission period is between July and December .
1	(the military; showed; video of the ousted leader , haggard and gray-bearded)	the military	showed	video of the ousted leader , haggard and gray-bearded	Eager to prove to Iraqis that Saddam was in custody , the military also showed video of the ousted leader , haggard and gray-bearded , as a military doctor examined him .
1	(the nation; will continue to spin; downward)	the nation	will continue to spin	downward	If Edwards becomes president without changing his mind about single payer healthcare , the nation will continue to spin downward toward dissolution .
1	(the nation; will continue to spin; toward dissolution)	the nation	will continue to spin	toward dissolution	If Edwards becomes president without changing his mind about single payer healthcare , the nation will continue to spin downward toward dissolution .
1	(the number of Americans with Alzheimer 's; could quadruple; within 50 years)	the number of Americans with Alzheimer 's	could quadruple	within 50 years	Alzheimer 's disease is the leading cause of dementia in the United States , and the number of Americans with Alzheimer 's could quadruple within 50 years , unless we find ways to prevent it .
1	(the officers; with assuming their positions; on October 1)	the officers	with assuming their positions	on October 1	Elections are held in September with the officers assuming their positions on October 1 .
1	(the only begotten Son of God; born; of the virgin Mary)	the only begotten Son of God	born	of the virgin Mary	Jesus is the only begotten Son of God the Father , conceived of the Holy Spirit and born of the virgin Mary .
1	(the only state; to allow; a doctor to prescribe a lethal dose of medication)	the only state	to allow	a doctor to prescribe a lethal dose of medication	Currently , Oregon is the only state to allow a doctor to prescribe a lethal dose of medication if a terminally ill patient has six months or less to live .
1	(the operator; feels; like he or she is genuinely there at the remote location)	the operator	feels	like he or she is genuinely there at the remote location	Telepresence involves the distant operation interface engages so much of the operator 's sensory data processing potential that the operator feels like he or she is genuinely there at the remote location .
1	(the orchard trees; were; laden with peaches , plums and other fruit , ours for the picking)	the orchard trees	were	laden with peaches , plums and other fruit , ours for the picking	Roses were in bloom in the little garden back of the hotel , and the orchard trees were laden with peaches , plums and other fruit , ours for the picking .
1	(the parties here by; submit; to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts in relation to any dispute)	the parties here by	submit	to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts in relation to any dispute	7These Terms and Conditions and any relevant Order are governed by English law and the parties here by submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts in relation to any dispute arising out of them .
1	(the parties here by; submit; to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts)	the parties here by	submit	to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts	These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the laws of England and the parties here by submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts .
1	(the people; listened; on the shore)	the people	listened	on the shore	Such a large crowd had gathered that Jesus got into a boat , sat down in it , and taught from there as the people listened on the shore .
1	(the problem; is as much; Iran)	the problem	is as much	Iran	So I dont think the problem is Iran as much as the existence of the weapons , and the former American administrations had programs for helping to dismantle some of the weapons from the former Soviet Union .
1	(the rainy season; lasts; from July)	the rainy season	lasts	from July	Malaria is holoendemic but highly seasonal in the study area ; the rainy season lasts from July until October and the main transmission period is between July and December .
1	(the road leading to the Pinnacle Overlook; may be closed; for visitor safety)	the road leading to the Pinnacle Overlook	may be closed	for visitor safety	The Visitor Center is closed on Christmas Day ; During inclement weather , the road leading to the Pinnacle Overlook may be closed for visitor safety .
1	(the server; is running; Windows SharePoint Services)	the server	is running	Windows SharePoint Services	In order to use these Web Parts , Microsoft Office 2003 must be installed on the server that is running Windows SharePoint Services as well as on the client machines .
1	(the setting; is; San Francisco)	the setting	is	San Francisco	Chapter 2 We learn that the setting is San Francisco .
1	(the show; is; $ 5)	the show	is	$ 5	Doors are at 9pm and the show is 19+ / $ 5 .
1	(the site; is in; Portuguese)	the site	is in	Portuguese	Although the site is in Portuguese , do n't be thrown off .
1	(the spacecraft; to study; other mini-worlds)	the spacecraft	to study	other mini-worlds	If NASA extends the mission , the spacecraft will then continue into the Kuiper Belt to study other mini-worlds .
1	(the spacecraft; will continue; to study other mini-worlds)	the spacecraft	will continue	to study other mini-worlds	If NASA extends the mission , the spacecraft will then continue into the Kuiper Belt to study other mini-worlds .
1	(the suicide terrorists; attacked; the United States)	the suicide terrorists	attacked	the United States	The president asked Americans to imagine the suicide terrorists who attacked the United States if they had been armed by Iraq .
1	(the text; states; that God hardened Pharaohs heart)	the text	states	that God hardened Pharaohs heart	First , the text states that God hardened Pharaohs heart .
1	(the three greatest Americans; were born; during that month)	the three greatest Americans	were born	during that month	Furthermore , I explained that Woodson chose February because he felt that the three greatest Americans were born during that month .
1	(the type of leadership; can confront; issues of the human condition)	the type of leadership	can confront	issues of the human condition	The world looks to America for the type of leadership that can confront issues of the human condition , Sen. Chuck Hagel said during his keynote address at Charter Day .
1	(the very man; had pointed out his essential dishonesty; to the world)	the very man	had pointed out his essential dishonesty	to the world	And so when Reagan won the nomination , he selected as Vice Presidential nominee the very man who had pointed out his essential dishonesty to the world .
1	(the web; has made; my life easier)	the web	has made	my life easier	Ive just moved house and have found some ways the web has made my life easier .
1	(the workers of Opar; to mine; the gold)	the workers of Opar	to mine	the gold	Ever since Atlantis sank beneath the waves , the workers of Opar have continued to mine the gold .
1	(the world; killed; Him)	the world	killed	Him	God sent His Son Jesus to us , but the world rejected Him , the world killed Him , put Him to death on the cross .
1	(the world; put Him; on the cross)	the world	put Him	on the cross	God sent His Son Jesus to us , but the world rejected Him , the world killed Him , put Him to death on the cross .
1	(the world; put Him; to death)	the world	put Him	to death	God sent His Son Jesus to us , but the world rejected Him , the world killed Him , put Him to death on the cross .
1	(the world; rejected; Him)	the world	rejected	Him	God sent His Son Jesus to us , but the world rejected Him , the world killed Him , put Him to death on the cross .
1	(their campaign; is thrown; into utter chaos)	their campaign	is thrown	into utter chaos	Huck wins IA , McCain wins NH , Romney wins MI and their campaign is thrown into utter chaos , with a down and dirty fight to the nomination .
1	(their fundraising; is not keeping; pace)	their fundraising	is not keeping	pace	But I do expect the Democrats to pick up Congressional seats and think they have a good chance for the presidency , mostly because the Republicans are in disarray and their fundraising is not keeping pace with their opponents .
1	(there; are no CAPITAL LETTERS in; usernames and passwords)	there	are no CAPITAL LETTERS in	usernames and passwords	Usernames and passwords are case sensitive , so it 's important to remember that there are no CAPITAL LETTERS in usernames and passwords .
1	(there; were an estimated 37 Elvis impersonators in; the world)	there	were an estimated 37 Elvis impersonators in	the world	According to the San Francisco Chronicle When Elvis Presley died in 1977 , there were an estimated 37 Elvis impersonators in the world .
1	(these articles; perhaps might open; a few minds and hearts)	these articles	perhaps might open	a few minds and hearts	To those that really believe Israel is not an apartheid state , perhaps these articles might open a few minds and hearts .
1	(these little shoes; would take; the threesome)	these little shoes	would take	the threesome	Little did Laura know when she sent a gift from abroad to her friend 's son where these little shoes would take the threesome .
1	(they; can help you; with any travel related assistance)	they	can help you	with any travel related assistance	All staff speaks English and they can usually help you with any travel related assistance that you need from anywhere in Japan .
1	(they; defined; a specific geographical area for their nation and the remaining lands)	they	defined	a specific geographical area for their nation and the remaining lands	When the UN created Israel they defined a specific geographical area for their nation and the remaining lands were to be for the establishment of an independent Arab nation with Jerusalem being an open city under neither nations control .
1	(they; inevitably invoke; 9/11)	they	inevitably invoke	9/11	That mis-characterizes what Shark said : they inevitably invoke 9/11 or the fact that Saddam was n't a nice guy .
1	(they; know; how important this game is for me)	they	know	how important this game is for me	Im stuck in the middle but I hope the gives me a day free because they know how important this game is for me .
1	(they; stopped manufacturing it; because it was just too big)	they	stopped manufacturing it	because it was just too big	I believe Sony was the only company that even MADE a 40 4:3 Tube HDTV , and they stopped manufacturing it three or four years ago because it was just too big .
1	(they; stopped manufacturing; it)	they	stopped manufacturing	it	I believe Sony was the only company that even MADE a 40 4:3 Tube HDTV , and they stopped manufacturing it three or four years ago because it was just too big .
1	(they; take part; in a singing contest in New Jersey)	they	take part	in a singing contest in New Jersey	The film is in English and follows the lives of six contestants as they take part in a singing contest in New Jersey .
1	(they; unknowlingly brought all their lethal germs; with them)	they	unknowlingly brought all their lethal germs	with them	So when the Europeans came to the Americas , for example , they unknowlingly brought all their lethal germs with them .
1	(this Agreement; shall be brought exclusively; in the provincial court)	this Agreement	shall be brought exclusively	in the provincial court	This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario and all claims concerning this Agreement shall be brought exclusively in the provincial court located in the Province of Ontario .
1	(this day; has had; special significance)	this day	has had	special significance	For the past 2,000 years , this day has had special significance as Christians celebrate the birth of Jesus Christ .
1	(this technique; does not work; in every browser)	this technique	does not work	in every browser	Thats right this technique does not work in every browser and Ive only had the opportunity to test it in a select few .
1	(three New York physicians; from using the injectable silicone; as a treatment for wrinkles)	three New York physicians	from using the injectable silicone	as a treatment for wrinkles	In 1992 , the FDA took action to stop three New York physicians from using the injectable silicone as a treatment for wrinkles .
1	(today; is; January 5th)	today	is	January 5th	OK , today is January 5th .
1	(treating advanced gum disease; lowered; blood pressure)	treating advanced gum disease	lowered	blood pressure	Researchers reported in The New England Journal of Medicine this year that treating advanced gum disease lowered blood pressure , thereby reducing the risk of heart disease .
1	(two individuals; are touched; by poverty in Malawi)	two individuals	are touched	by poverty in Malawi	This is a private sector initiative by two individuals who are touched by poverty in Malawi and are committed to assist in alleviating it , Malawi President Bingu wa Mutharika said at Friday 's ceremony .
1	(two soldiers; were supporting; Operation Iraqi Freedom)	two soldiers	were supporting	Operation Iraqi Freedom	US Army Casualties The Department of Defense announced today the death of two soldiers who were supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom .
1	(useless Gartner; [is] the fat lady of; research firms)	useless Gartner	[is] the fat lady of	research firms	Gartner : Blu-ray to win in 2008 , HD DVD resistance useless Gartner , the fat lady of research firms , is singing HD DVD 's swan song this morning .
1	(users; can access; the Internet)	users	can access	the Internet	It is a unique facility in that it has multiple components including recreational programs , athletic activities and a computer learning center where users can access the Internet .
1	(users; to customize; that XML)	users	to customize	that XML	Although Microsoft allows users to customize that XML , they do n't include tools or information on how to make the changes .
1	(users; where can access; the Internet)	users	where can access	the Internet	It is a unique facility in that it has multiple components including recreational programs , athletic activities and a computer learning center where users can access the Internet .
1	(version Jean Baptiste Pointe du Sable; [is] saint [of]; Lilium)	version Jean Baptiste Pointe du Sable	[is] saint [of]	Lilium	The first settler in Chicago , Lilium saint version Jean Baptiste Pointe du Sable , arrived in the 1770s , lilium a Potawatomi woman , and bumper nuts the area 's first trading post .
1	(we; are; and grace to show us what we can become)	we	are	and grace to show us what we can become	Jesus spoke truth to show us what we are and grace to show us what we can become .
1	(we; open; to greener pastures)	we	open	to greener pastures	Because Christ is the Door , we can shut out the pain of our past and open it to greener pastures .
1	(winds; hit 126 miles per hour; on Dec)	winds	hit 126 miles per hour	on Dec	Rogue Ales Public House , Astoria , located where the Columbia River meets the Pacific Ocean , got a first hand look at the power of the Pacific when winds hit 126 miles per hour on Dec. 3 .
1	(women; getting; respect in the tech field)	women	getting	respect in the tech field	Especially since Ive spent the last four years in weblogging fighting for women getting respect in the tech field .
1	(year; ended; December 31 , 2007)	year	ended	December 31 , 2007	24&lt ;/D&gt ; /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Broadcom Corporation today reported unaudited financial results for its fourth quarter and year ended December 31 , 2007 .
1	(you; provide us; with a current Texas resale tax permit number)	you	provide us	with a current Texas resale tax permit number	Texas residents add 8.25 % sales tax unless you provide us with a current Texas resale tax permit number .
1	(you; say; that Hillary is some wannabee senator from NY)	you	say	that Hillary is some wannabee senator from NY	Jerry , Jerry , Jerry , so you say that Hillary is some wannabee senator from NY who got elected just because her last name was Clinton .
1	(you; to know; that after this experience , I can tell you the college admission process is a walk in the park)	you	to know	that after this experience , I can tell you the college admission process is a walk in the park	Ive posted the video below but want you to know that after this experience , I can tell you the college admission process is a walk in the park .
1	(you; want to witness firsthand; why Virginia is for Lovers)	you	want to witness firsthand	why Virginia is for Lovers	If you want to witness firsthand why Virginia is for Lovers , then look no further than the culturally rich and naturally beautiful region of central Virginia .
1	(you; want; to witness firsthand why Virginia is for Lovers)	you	want	to witness firsthand why Virginia is for Lovers	If you want to witness firsthand why Virginia is for Lovers , then look no further than the culturally rich and naturally beautiful region of central Virginia .
